ID	Adjudication	Classification	Text
421	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Are you ready to work hard in this election and win it? Are you ready to send Ted Strickland to the United States Senate? I've known Ted a long time. He is a champion for workers and families. He knows that Ohio needs more good jobs with rising wages. And he is the kind of person who will actually work to get things done, breaking through the gridlock in Washington. And this is important: unlike his opponent, Ted Strickland has never been afraid to stand up to Donald Trump. I also want to thank Mayor John Cranley and State Representative Alicia Reece and all the other elected officials, including my friend, the Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes, from across the river in Kentucky. And we are so fortunate to have two other champions for American families with us today. I am awed by the courage and commitment that both Mark and Gabby bring to their work, to do everything they can to help save lives in America.
250	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I want to honor those whose courage and vision have brought us to this point: Prime Minister Major, Prime Minister Bruton, and before him, Prime Minister Reynolds, laid the background and the basis for this era of reconciliation. From the Downing Street Declaration to the joint framework document, they altered the course of history. Now, just in the last few days, by launching the twin-track initiative, they have opened a promising new gateway to a just and lasting peace. Foreign Minister Spring, Sir Patrick Mayhew, David Trimble, and John Hume all have labored to realize the promise of peace. And Gerry Adams, along with Loyalist leaders such as David Ervine and Gary McMichael, helped to silence the guns on the streets and to bring about the first peace in a generation.
247	Adjudicated	Optimistic	"Back then, LULAC made signs that read, ""Let's move forward with Clinton."" Now, I found that very flattering. But I asked back then if we could please change the signs to ""Let's move forward together."" Because that was more accurate. Because everything we achieved, we achieved together. And that's how we're going to write the next chapter of the American story, to put opportunity within reach of every family. We are going to do that together. And I for one, want, I want all Americans, from all backgrounds, to help chart our future. And I hope and expect that Latinos will play a leading role."
26	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Just as I worked to make sure California got its share of federal resources, we now need to make sure that Sacramento -- the largest city in America at the greatest risk of catastrophic flooding -- gets the resources we need to take our people out of harm's way. And we need to make sure that as Sacramento continues to grow, our transportation network grows with it. In the days ahead, it will be critical that we keep up Bob's fight against Social Security privatization. Just as I worked to reduce class size and build new schools, we now need to make sure that real education reforms get the real resources necessary to succeed. And just as we worked to expand health care coverage to children, we now need to go even further, because it is unconscionable that in a nation that is home to some of the most stunning advances in health care, 45 million Americans still go without basic health insurance. Similarly, the work I did to build bridges between America and the nations of the world. is also something we must do more of in the days ahead. After all, America faces real threats today. Those threats will never be eliminated if we continue to alienate our allies. America must be smart as well as strong. In these times -- when our nation faces so many challenges -- we need sophisticated, mature leadership in Washington. When the people of southern Asia see our soldiers and ships and helicopters bringing food, water, and supplies -- they see the best of America. Just as we need to do more to present an America of friendship and compassion to the world, we also need to do more to create that America here at home. So today, I ask you to allow me to continue Bob's work through mine. I am asking those who supported him to now support me. I am asking those who believed in him to believe in me. I am asking all of you who stood alongside him for a better Sacramento to now stand with me. 
198	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	We may not always agree with every one of our neighbors. That's life and it's part of living in such a diverse and dense city. But we also recognize that part of being a New Yorker is living with your neighbors in mutual respect and tolerance. It was exactly that spirit of openness and acceptance that was attacked on 9/11, 2001. On that day, 3,000 people were killed because some murderous fanatics didn't want us to enjoy the freedoms to profess our own faiths, to speak our own minds, to follow our own dreams, and to live our own lives.
229	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I know that many of the people listening to the speech tonight may not have voted for me, but I want you to know I will stand up for you and I ask you to work with me to move our state forward. Here is the promise I want to make you: I WILL BE A SENATOR FOR ALL OF WISCONSIN! Now, our state has had some incredible leaders from both political parties and all across the ideological spectrum. And I have a lot of good examples to follow. One is Herb Cole. You know that when he first ran for the U.S. Senate, his slogan was NOBODY'S SENATOR BUT YOURS. But now his senate became a title, one that he has earned every day that he has served the state of Wisconsin. I am so grateful to have had his support throughout this campaign and humbled to carry his deep commitment to public service. I also want to thank Tommy Thompson for his life in public service, and before I do I want you to indulge me on an acknowledgement on a very personal level. I just got off the phone with him, he was very cordial, congratulated me and wished me and every one of us well.
42	Adjudicated	Neutral	The anniversary of D-day was always special for her family. And like all the families of those who went to war, she describes how she came to realize her own father's survival was a miracle: ``So many men died. I know that my father watched many of his friends be killed. I know that he must have died inside a little each time. But his explanation to me was, `You did what you had to do, and you kept on going.''' When men like Private Zanatta and all our allied forces stormed the beaches of Normandy 40 years ago they came not as conquerors, but as liberators. When these troops swept across the French countryside and into the forests of Belgium and Luxembourg they came not to take, but to return what had been wrongly seized. When our forces marched into Germany they came not to prey on a brave and defeated people, but to nurture the seeds of democracy among those who yearned to be free again. We salute them today. But, Mr. President, we also salute those who, like yourself, were already engaging the enemy inside your beloved country -- the French Resistance. Your valiant struggle for France did so much to cripple the enemy and spur the advance of the armies of liberation. The French Forces of the Interior will forever personify courage and national spirit. They will be a timeless inspiration to all who are free and to all who would be free.
158	Adjudicated	Neutral	On the third of February last I officially laid before you the extraordinary announcement of the Imperial German Government that on and after the first day of February it was its purpose to put aside all restraints of law or of humanity and use its submarines to sink every vessel that sought to approach either the ports of Great Britain and Ireland or the western coasts of Europe or any of the ports controlled by the enemies of Germany within the Mediterranean. That had seemed to be the object of the German submarine warfare earlier in the war, but since April of last year the Imperial Government had somewhat restrained the commanders of its undersea craft in conformity with its promise then given to us that passenger boats should not be sunk and that due warning would be given to all other vessels which its submarines might seek to destroy, when no resistance was offered or escape attempted, and care taken that their crews were given at least a fair chance to save their lives in their open boats.
174	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I also can't help but note that in spite of all the rest of our efforts, there was that magic moment on Larry King, which made a lot of difference. And I thank the Vice President for that and for so much else. In the campaign, when we decided to come out for NAFTA, he was a strong supporter of that position in our personal meetings, long before we knew whether we would even be here or not. I also would be remiss if I did not personally thank both Mickey Kantor and Mack McLarty for the work they did, especially in the closing days with the Mexican trade representatives and the Mexican Government. I'd also like to web come here the representatives from Mexico and Canada and tell them they are, in fact, welcome here. They are our partners in the future that we are trying to make together.
319	Adjudicated	Optimistic	And I thank the Manhattan Institute for all you have done. I appreciate the fact that I am here in a fabulous city to give this speech. (Applause.) People say, are you confident about our future? And the answer is, absolutely. And it's easy to be confident when you're a city like New York City. After all, there's an unbelievable spirit in this city. This is a city whose skyline has offered immigrants their first glimpse of freedom. This is a city where people rallied when that freedom came under attack. This is a city whose capital markets have attracted investments from around the world and financed the dreams of entrepreneurs all across America. This is a city that has been and will always be the financial capital of the world. (Applause.) And I am grateful to be in the presence of two men who serve ably and nobly New York City -- Mayor Koch and Mayor Giuliani. Thank you all for coming. Glad you're here. (Applause.) I thank the Manhattan Institute Board of Trustees and its Chairman Paul Singer for doing good work, being a good policy center. (Applause.) And before I begin, I must say, I would hope that Ray Kelly would tell New York's finest how much I appreciate the incredible hospitality that we are always shown here in New York City. You're the head of a fabulous police force, and we thank you very much, sir. (Applause.)
89	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	On behalf of Mrs. Kennedy, her children, the parents and sisters of Robert Kennedy, I want to express what we feel to those who mourn with us today in this Cathedral and around the world. We loved him as a brother, and as a father, and as a son. From his parents, and from his older brothers and sisters -- Joe and Kathleen and Jack -- he received an inspiration which he passed on to all of us. He gave us strength in time of trouble, wisdom in time of uncertainty, and sharing in time of happiness. He will always be by our side. Love is not an easy feeling to put into words. Nor is loyalty, or trust, or joy. But he was all of these. He loved life completely and he lived it intensely.
330	Adjudicated	Neutral	Back in April while in the hospital I had, as you can readily understand, a lot of time for reflection. And one day I decided to send a personal, handwritten letter to Soviet President Leonid Brezhnev reminding him that we had met about 10 years ago in San Clemente, California, as he and President Nixon were concluding a series of meetings that had brought hope to all the world. Never had peace and good will seemed closer at hand. I'd like to read you a few paragraphs from that letter. “Mr. President: When we met, I asked if you were aware that the hopes and aspirations of millions of people throughout the world were dependent on the decisions that would be reached in those meetings. You took my hand in both of yours and assured me that you were aware of that and that you were dedicated with all your heart and soul and mind to fulfilling those hopes and dreams.”
403	Adjudicated	Neutral	As we all know, devotion to that land has also been the source of conflict and bloodshed for too long. Throughout this century, bitterness between the Palestinian and Jewish people has robbed the entire region of its resources, its potential, and too many of its sons and daughters. The land has been so drenched in warfare and hatred, the conflicting claims of history etched so deeply in the souls of the combatants there, that many believed the past would always have the upper hand. Then, 14 years ago, the past began to give way when, at this place and upon this desk, three men of great vision signed their names to the Camp David accords. Today we honor the memories of Menachem Begin and Anwar Sadat, and we salute the wise leadership of President Jimmy Carter. Then, as now, we heard from those who said that conflict would come again soon. But the peace between Egypt and Israel has endured. Just so, this bold new venture today, this brave gamble that the future can be better than the past, must endure.
458	Adjudicated	Optimistic	To all of our distinguished guests from all the services, to General Powell and the Joint Chiefs, Secretary Aspin, Mr. Vice President, ladies and gentlemen, and especially to General Johnston and the men and women of the Unified Task Force in Somalia. General Johnston has just reported to me: Mission accomplished. And so, on behalf of all the American people, I say to you, General, and to all whom you brought with you: Welcome home, and thank you for a job very, very well done You represent the thousands who served in this crucial operation, in the First Marine Expeditionary Force, in the Army 10th Mountain Division, aboard the Navy's Tripoli Amphibious Ready Group, in the Air Force and Air National Guard airlift squadrons, and in other units in each of our services. Over 30,000 American military personnel served at sometime in these last 5 months in Somalia. And serving alongside you were thousands of others from 20 nations.
337	Adjudicated	Neutral	The Human Rights Commission was given as its first and most important task the preparation of an International Bill of Rights. The General Assembly, which opened its third session here in Paris a few days ago, will have before it the first fruit of the Commission's labors in this task, that is the International Declaration of Human Rights. The Declaration was finally completed after much work during the last session of the Human Rights Commission in New York in the spring of 1948. The Economic and Social Council has sent it without recommendation to the General Assembly, together with other documents transmitted by the Human Rights Commission.
110	Adjudicated	Neutral	[PATE] Certainly. Well, I just would point out that training for these poll workers are done by the local county auditors. We've now stepped up and provided them with training materials and encourage these auditors to use so those poll workers have the accurate information in their counties. Thousands of votes were cast, these past elections with much success. Now the answer your question, when people come in to vote, this election cycle coming in November, they could just bring their driver's license, a passport, a veteran's ID and a tribal ID was just recently added and use that as one of their IDs. Or they can also use one of the state-issue voter IDs that we mailed out to the people that Deidre just talked about so that they have their card as well, so no one gets left out. We have added – because of the soft rollout – the option to sign an oath of identity. Simply say, you know, I didn't bring it because I didn't understand all the information that this election. So we have them sign that document. They get to vote. That was part of the key part of the education component that we put in place that most states didn't do, so people would be still successful voting.
369	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Thank you very much. Governor Keating and Mrs. Keating, Reverend Graham, to the families of those who have been lost and wounded, to the people of Oklahoma City who have endured so much, and the people of this wonderful State, to all of you who are here as our fellow Americans. I am honored to be here today to represent the American people. But I have to tell you that Hillary and I also come as parents, as husband and wife, as people who were your neighbors for some of the best years of our lives.
64	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	"We need to elect Barack Obama because we need a President who understands that America can't compete in a global economy by padding the pockets of energy speculators, while ignoring the workers whose jobs have been shipped overseas. We need a President who understands that we can't solve the problems of global warming by giving windfall profits to the oil companies while ignoring opportunities to invest in new technologies that will build a green economy. We need a President who understands that the genius of America has always depended on the strength and vitality of the middle class. Barack Obama began his career fighting for workers displaced by the global economy. He built his campaign on a fundamental belief that change in this country must start from the ground up, not the top down. He knows government must be about ""We the people"" not ""We the favored few."" And when Barack Obama is in the White House, he'll revitalize our economy, defend the working people of America, and meet the global challenges of our time. Democrats know how to do this. As I recall, President Clinton and the Democrats did it before. And President Obama and the Democrats will do it again."
486	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	But to speak more seriously, I need not tell you that the world situation is very serious. That must be apparent to all intelligent people. I think one difficulty is that the problem is one of such enormous complexity that the very mass of facts presented to the public by press and radio make it exceedingly difficult for the man in the street to reach a clear appraisement of the situation. Furthermore, the people of this country are distant from the troubled areas of the earth, and it is hard for them to comprehend the plight and consequent reactions of the long-suffering peoples of Europe and the effect of those reactions on their governments in connection with our efforts to promote peace in the world. In considering the requirements for the rehabilitation of Europe, the physical loss of life, the visible destruction of cities, factories, mines, and railroads was correctly estimated, but it has become obvious during recent months that this visible destruction was probably less serious than the dislocation of the entire fabric of European economy. For the past ten years conditions have been highly abnormal. The feverish preparation for war and the more feverish maintenance of the war effort engulfed all aspects of national economies. Machinery has fallen into disrepair or is entirely obsolete. Under the arbitrary and destructive Nazi rule, virtually every possible enterprise was geared into the German war machine. Long-standing commercial ties, private institutions, banks, insurance companies, and shipping companies disappeared through loss of capital, absorption through nationalization, or by simple destruction. In many countries, confidence in the local currency has been severely shaken.
476	Adjudicated	Neutral	Your Honor, ladies and gentlemen, my name is Elizabeth Gurley Flynn.  I am a defendant in this case, acting as my own attorney, and therefore have the opportunity to address you directly.  It is unusual for a defendant to represent one’s self, but my comrade, Mr. Pettis Perry and I have elected to do so.  Neither of us is a lawyer.  We will speak to you in the language of laymen and women, I should say. We are both Communist leaders, proudly and avowedly.  We are qualified to explain to you what the Communist Party of the U.S.A. really stands for, what it advocates, what its day-by-day activities are, and what are its ultimate aims.  We will try to do so in simple, non-technical language.  We will prove to you that we are not a criminal conspiracy but a 33-year-old working class political party, devoted to the immediate needs and aspirations of the American people, to the advancement of the workers, farmers and the Negro people, to the preservation of the democracy and culture, and to the advocacy of Socialism.
392	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	But Donald Trump is trying to divide us by undermining that right. He has threatened to withhold federal funding to Nevada because of our vote by mail system, that's funding our schools and seniors rely on. He has challenged us in court with a meritless lawsuit, one that our republican secretary of state has asked the judge to dismiss. And now he is putting the lives of Nevada's seniors at risk by trying to defund the post office. Here's what that means: seniors won't be able to get their prescriptions because he wants to win an election. Well Mr. President, Nevada is not intimidated by you. America is not intimidated by you.
358	Adjudicated	Neutral	In this situation, it becomes vital that our own country orient its policies in consonance with this basic evolutionary condition rather than pursue a course blind to the reality that the colonial era is now past and the Asian peoples covet the right to shape their own free destiny. What they seek now is friendly guidance, understanding, and support -- not imperious direction -- the dignity of equality and not the shame of subjugation. Their pre-war standard of life, pitifully low, is infinitely lower now in the devastation left in war's wake. World ideologies play little part in Asian thinking and are little understood. What the peoples strive for is the opportunity for a little more food in their stomachs, a little better clothing on their backs, a little firmer roof over their heads, and the realization of the normal nationalist urge for political freedom. These political-social conditions have but an indirect bearing upon our own national security, but do form a backdrop to contemporary planning which must be thoughtfully considered if we are to avoid the pitfalls of unrealism.
237	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	To literally put the Confederacy on a pedestal in our mo[st] prominent places [of] honor is an inaccurate recitation of our full past. It is an affront to our present. And it is a bad prescription for our future. History cannot be changed. It cannot be moved like a statue. What is done is done. The Civil War is over. The Confederacy lost -- and we're better for it. Surely we are far enough removed from this dark time to acknowledge that the cause of the Confederacy was wrong. And in the second decade of the 21st century, asking African Americans -- or anyone else for that matter -- to drive by property that they own; occupied by reverential statu[es] of men who fought to destroy the country and deny that person’s humanity seems perverse. It seems absurd. Century-old wounds are still raw because, you see, they never healed right in the first place.
306	Adjudicated	Neutral	If inflation gets worse, several things will happen. Your purchasing power will continue to decline, and most of the burden will fall on those who can least afford it. Our national productivity will suffer. The value of our dollar will continue to fall in world trade. We've made good progress in putting our people back to work over the past 21 months. We've created more than 6 million new jobs for American workers. We've reduced the unemployment rate by about 25 percent, and we will continue our efforts to reduce unemployment further, especially among our young people and minorities.
231	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Let both sides, for the first time, formulate serious and precise proposals for the inspection and control of arms, and bring the absolute power to destroy other nations under the absolute control of all nations. Let both sides seek to invoke the wonders of science instead of its terrors. Together let us explore the stars, conquer the deserts, eradicate disease, tap the ocean depths, and encourage the arts and commerce.
351	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I’m very excited to talk to you about my husband, Donald Trump—who will make a fantastic President of these United States of America. The country we love with all our hearts. I have known this man, Donald Trump, for 18 years. Donald is a wonderful husband, father, and grandfather. He’s strong, he’s determined, bold, and decisive. He’s also compassionate, thoughtful, giving, and loving. Donald cares so deeply about this country, he could no longer sit by and allow American jobs be lost. And Americans become less and less safe. Once given the opportunity, Donald will make America great again.
54	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Let me just take one more moment and say, you know every week in very difficult times, we know how tough these times are. I stand up and go to Washington to fight for you. I go in on Monday and I come back the end of the week and I look for every opportunity to be able to work across the aisle to get things done when we can, and when we have folks that want to threaten Michigan and our families, I'll stand up- stand up and fight him every single time. We've had some wonderful wins in Michigan tonight because of all of you. Thank you so much, people who have worked so hard, who believed in us, believe in what we stand for as Democrats, who understand what it is that we need to do together to move Michigan and our country forward. So I have a big thank you to every single person in this room and I want you to know, starting again tomorrow, I'm going to work my heart out for each and every one of you. Thank you.
339	Adjudicated	Optimistic	So many people joined us — supported us — as we carried forward with this simple but fundamental message, and that it is time for Americans to join hands instead of pointing fingers. It is time to turn back the division and the hate and the exclusion and the bitterness. And it is time to work together, to lift up those who are left out, and to bring people with us instead of shoving them away. I believe — and it is the reason I’m up here — that we are never going to out-divide the divider-in-chief. We must as Americans dream bigger than that, we have to be better than that because if we spend the next four months dividing our party and going at each other, we will spend the next four years watching Donald Trump tear apart this country. Texans, we need to unite our party and our country. And to do it not just with our words but with our actions. It is up to us, all of us, to put our country back together, to heal this country and then to build something even greater. I believe we can do this together. And that is why today I am ending my campaign and endorsing Joe Biden for President.
97	Adjudicated	Optimistic	America and Afghanistan are now allies against terror. We'll be partners in rebuilding that country. And this evening we welcomed the distinguished interim leader of a liberated Afghanistan, Chairman Hamid Karzai. The last time we met in this chamber, the mothers and daughters of Afghanistan were captives in their own homes, forbidden from working or going to school. Today women are free and are part of Afghanistan's new government. And we welcome the new Minister of Women's Affairs, Dr. Sima Samar. Our progress is a tribute to the spirit of the Afghan people, to the resolve of our coalition, and to the might of the United States military. When I called our troops into action, I did so with complete confidence in their courage and skill. And tonight, thanks to them, we are winning the war on terror. The men and women of our armed forces have delivered a message now clear to every enemy of the United States: Even 7,000 miles away, across oceans and continents, on mountaintops and in caves, you will not escape the justice of this nation.
41	Adjudicated	Neutral	 Judge Sotomayor is a distinguished graduate of two of America's leading universities.  She's been a big-city prosecutor and a corporate litigator.  She spent six years as a trial judge on the U.S. District Court, and would replace Justice Souter as the only justice with experience as a trial judge, a perspective that would enrich the judgments of the Court. For the past 11 years she has been a judge on the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit of New York, one of the most demanding circuits in the country.  There she has handed down decisions on a range of constitutional and legal questions that are notable for their careful reasoning, earning the respect of colleagues on the bench, the admiration of many lawyers who argue cases in her court, and the adoration of her clerks who look to her as a mentor.
43	Adjudicated	Neutral	"The decisive importance of this issue was fully recognized by the founders of the United Nations at San Francisco. Concern for the preservation and promotion of human rights and fundamental freedoms stands at the heart of the United Nations. Its Charter is distinguished by its preoccupation with the rights and welfare of individual men and women. The United Nations has made it clear that it intends to uphold human rights and to protect the dignity of the human personality. In the preamble to the Charter the keynote is set when it declares: ""We the people of the United Nations determined...to reaffirm faith in fundamental human rights, in the dignity and worth of the human person, in the equal rights of men and women and of nations large and small, and...to promote social progress and better standards of life in larger freedom."" This reflects the basic premise of the Charter that the peace and security of mankind are dependent on mutual respect for the rights and freedoms of all."
103	Adjudicated	Optimistic	You members of the graduating class of 18—or 1981—I don't really go back that far—are what behaviorists call achievers. And while you will look back with warm pleasure on your memories of these years that brought you here to where you are today, you are also, I know, looking at the future that seems uncertain to most of you but which, let me assure you, offers great expectations. Take pride in this day. Thank your parents, as one on your behalf has already done here. Thank those who've been of help to you over the last 4 years. And do a little celebrating; you're entitled. This is your day, and whatever I say should take cognizance of that fact. It is a milestone in life, and it marks a time of change.
213	Adjudicated	Optimistic	The bill I’m about to sign into law -- Senate Bill 1070 -- represents another tool for our State to use as we work to solve a crisis that we did not create and the federal government has refused to fix: the crisis caused by illegal immigration and Arizona’s porous border. This bill, the Support [Our] Law Enforcement and Safe Neighborhoods Act, strengthens the laws of our State. It protects all of us, every Arizona citizen and everyone here in our State lawfully. And, it does so while ensuring that the constitutional rights of all in Arizona remain solid, stable, and steadfast.
395	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Yet today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth. I have been in ballparks for seventeen years and have never received anything but kindness and encouragement from you fans. Look at these grand men. Which of you wouldn’t consider it the highlight of his career just to associate with them for even one day?
234	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	"But one hundred years later, the Negro still is not free. One hundred years later, the life of the Negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination. One hundred years later, the Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity. One hundred years later, the Negro is still languished in the corners of American society and finds himself an exile in his own land. And so we've come here today to dramatize a shameful condition. In a sense we've come to our nation's capital to cash a check. When the architects of our republic wrote the magnificent words of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, they were signing a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir. This note was a promise that all men, yes, black men as well as white men, would be guaranteed the ""unalienable Rights"" of ""Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness."" It is obvious today that America has defaulted on this promissory note, insofar as her citizens of color are concerned. Instead of honoring this sacred obligation, America has given the Negro people a bad check, a check which has come back marked ""insufficient funds."""
112	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I'm thrilled to see so many friends from my home state of New York here today. And friends from across the country who have helped me in this primary campaign. You braved the snow in Iowa and the rain in South Carolina, you've knocked doors in New Hampshire and got on buses to come to Nevada. Everywhere I go these days, the purple t-shirts are out in force. Like a lot of great things about America, this campaign is union-built, and I could not be prouder. You've had my back—and I will always have yours.
383	Adjudicated	Neutral	"To guarantee in advance that the President's plea for national unity would be challenged, one network [A.B.C.] trotted out Averell Harriman for the occasion. Throughout the President's address, he waited in the wings. When the President concluded, Mr. Harriman recited perfectly. He attacked the Thieu Government as unrepresentative. He criticized the President's speech for various deficiencies. He twice issued a call to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to debate Vietnam once again. He stated his belief that the Vietcong or North Vietnamese did not really want a military takeover of South Vietnam. And he told a little anecdote about a ""very, very responsible"" fellow he had met in the North Vietnamese delegation."
32	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Likewise we can say we don't need the Church. That is our business. But there are hundreds of thousands of our people who desperately need some help from that powerful institution, the Church, and we are foolish not to help them get it. For example, the Catholic Charities agencies of the Catholic Church has millions of dollars earmarked for the poor. But often the money is spent for food baskets for the needy instead of for effective action to eradicate the causes of poverty. The men and women who administer this money sincerely want to help their brothers. It should be our duty to help direct the attention to the basic needs of the Mexican-Americans in our society... needs which cannot be satisfied with baskets of food, but rather with effective organizing at the grass roots level. Therefore, I am calling for Mexican-American groups to stop ignoring this source of power. It is not just our right to appeal to the Church to use its power effectively for the poor, it is our duty to do so. It should be as natural as appealing to government... and we do that often enough.
370	Adjudicated	Optimistic	This is an extraordinary experience. And I’m very aware, particularly as a woman, that we can’t do this everywhere. I’m very aware particularly as a woman that if I said a fraction of the things that I sometimes say in critique of our government and our governmental policy, that there are countries were I might be taken off to prison, even tortured. So I’m not only very aware of the profound right that we have to say what we think, but at this point in our history I think we need to remember that we also have a profound responsibility to say what we think. I’m running for president because I think some things need to be said. And the things that I believe need to be said, or what everybody I know is saying. I believe that our politics itself is not a conduit for the energies that we need to be expressing in order to move to the next phase of our history. Politics is stuck somewhere in the 20th century. Our hearts are in the 21st century but our politics need to become more aligned with where we are as people. I don’t see a problem with the American people. I think we’re a good and decent people, I don’t think we’re any better than anybody in any other country.
350	Adjudicated	Optimistic	When we first arrived at Camp David, the first thing upon which we agreed was to ask the people of the world to pray that our negotiations would be successful. Those prayers have been answered far beyond any expectations. We are privileged to witness tonight a significant achievement in the cause of peace, an achievement none thought possible a year ago, or even a month ago, an achievement that reflects the courage and wisdom of these two leaders. Through 13 long days at Camp David, we have seen them display determination and vision and flexibility which was needed to make this agreement come to pass. All of us owe them our gratitude and respect. They know that they will always have my personal admiration. There are still great difficulties that remain and many hard issues to be settled. The questions that have brought warfare and bitterness to the Middle East for the last 30 years will not be settled overnight. But we should all recognize the substantial achievements that have been made.
192	Adjudicated	Optimistic	"There is only one man in this election who has ever really fought for you ... in places where winning means survival and defeat means death ... and that man is John McCain. In our day, politicians have readily shared much lesser tales of adversity than the nightmare world in which this man, and others equally brave, served and suffered for their country. It's a long way from the fear and pain and squalor of a six-by-four cell in Hanoi to the Oval Office. But if Senator McCain is elected president, that is the journey he will have made. It's the journey of an upright and honorable man - the kind of fellow whose name you will find on war memorials in small towns across this country, only he was among those who came home. To the most powerful office on earth, he would bring the compassion that comes from having once been powerless ... the wisdom that comes even to the captives, by the grace of God ... the special confidence of those who have seen evil, and seen how evil is overcome. A fellow prisoner of war, a man named Tom Moe of Lancaster, Ohio, recalls looking through a pin-hole in his cell door as Lieutenant Commander John McCain was led down the hallway, by the guards, day after day. As the story is told, ""When McCain shuffled back from torturous interrogations, he would turn toward Moe's door and flash a grin and thumbs up"" - as if to say, ""We're going to pull through this."" My fellow Americans, that is the kind of man America needs to see us through these next four years."
177	Adjudicated	Optimistic	A year ago tax relief was said to be a political impossibility. Six months ago it was supposed to be a political liability. Today it becomes reality. It becomes reality because of the bipartisan leadership of the Members of the United States Congress, Members like Bill Thomas of California, Ralph Hall of Texas, Charles Grassley of Iowa, Max Baucus of Montana, Zell Miller of Georgia, John Breaux of Louisiana, Trent Lott of Mississippi and the entire leadership team in the Senate, and Denny Hastert of Illinois and the leadership team in the House of Representatives—some Democrats, many Republicans—who worked tirelessly and effectively to produce this important result.
468	Adjudicated	Optimistic	"For the families of the seven, we cannot bear, as you do, the full impact of this tragedy. But we feel the loss, and we're thinking about you so very much. Your loved ones were daring and brave, and they had that special grace, that special spirit that says, ""Give me a challenge, and I'll meet it with joy."" They had a hunger to explore the universe and discover its truths. They wished to serve, and they did. They served all of us. We've grown used to wonders in this century. It's hard to dazzle us. But for twenty-five years the United States space program has been doing just that. We've grown used to the idea of space, and, perhaps we forget that we've only just begun. We're still pioneers. They, the members of the Challenger crew, were pioneers."
416	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	It is untenable for Israeli citizens to live in terror. It is untenable for Palestinians to live in squalor and occupation. And the current situation offers no prospect that life will improve. Israeli citizens will continue to be victimized by terrorists, and so Israel will continue to defend herself. In the situation the Palestinian people will grow more and more miserable. My vision is two states, living side by side in peace and security. There is simply no way to achieve that peace until all parties fight terror. Yet, at this critical moment, if all parties will break with the past and set out on a new path, we can overcome the darkness with the light of hope. Peace requires a new and different Palestinian leadership, so that a Palestinian state can be born.
307	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	So, not in a million years did I think I'd be standing on a stage like this with all of you. I was born and raised in Oklahoma. I have three older brothers, they all went off and joined the military. Me, I've had the same dream since I was a little kid and that is to be a public school teacher; can we here for America's public school teachers? My family didn't have the money to send me to college but, my big chance was a commuter school that cost $50 a semester and for a price I could pay for on a part-time waitressing job. I had a chance to finish my four-year diploma I became a special needs teacher; I've lived my dream job. I loved it but, I got here today because I see in America that isn't an America of expanding opportunities. I see in America that just keeps working better and better and better for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. When you see a government that works great for the rich and for the powerful and isn't working for anyone else that is corruption pure and simple and we need to call it out for what it is. An America that works great for giant drug companies but, not for people trying to get a prescription filled that's corruption. An America that works great for giant oil companies that want to drill everywhere but doesn't pay attention to the climate crisis that is bearing down upon us that's corruption.
463	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Life in the Peace Corps will not be easy. There will be no salary and allowances will be at a level sufficient only to maintain health and meet basic needs. Men and women will be expected to work and live alongside the nationals of the country in which they are stationed—doing the same work, eating the same food, talking the same language. But if the life will not be easy, it will be rich and satisfying. For every young American who participates in the Peace Corps—who works in a foreign land—will know that he or she is sharing in the great common task of bringing to man that decent way of life which is the foundation of freedom and a condition of peace.
60	Adjudicated	Neutral	While studying here, my father met my mother. She was born in a town on the other side of the world, in Kansas. Her father worked on oil rigs and farms through most of the Depression. The day after Pearl Harbor my grandfather signed up for duty; joined Patton’s army, marched across Europe. Back home, my grandmother raised a baby and went to work on a bomber assembly line. After the war, they studied on the G.I. Bill, bought a house through F.H.A., and later moved west all the way to Hawaii in search of opportunity.
119	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Those are the ideals my father and my uncles fought for. Those are the ideals I believe in. And this election is about whether we will advance those ideals or let them be swept away. Like my father's election in 1960, this is one of those elections where the future of our country is at stake. And women and children have the most on the line. The president has been a champion for women's rights. The first bill he signed was to make sure women can fight for equal pay for equal work. His commitment to women is about even more than economic rights—it's about health care, reproductive rights, and our ability to make our own decisions about ourselves, our families, and our future. When it comes to what's best for women, there is only one candidate in this race who is on our side: Barack Obama.  As a Catholic woman, I take reproductive health seriously, and today, it is under attack. This year alone, more than a dozen states have passed more than 40 restrictions on women's access to reproductive health care. That's not the kind of future I want for my daughters or your daughters. Now isn't the time to roll back the rights we were winning when my father was president. Now is the time to move this country forward.  President Obama has shown the same commitment when it comes to our children. He has put our ideals into action for the next generation—he has inspired them to get involved, he has listened to their ideas, and he has committed us all to building a better future for them. He has challenged states to raise standards for teaching and learning—and almost all of them have. He has fought for early childhood education, putting outstanding teachers in every classroom, and making college accessible to all young dreamers. I know Barack Obama will fight for women and children, and all Americans, because he has proven it. He has the quality my father most admired in public life: courage.
239	Adjudicated	Optimistic	So from now until Election Day, I will have a message for every citizen in Connecticut. That message is “we will do better.” We can-[applause] we can and we will do much better. We are not doomed to live in this perpetual stagnation. We do not have to resign ourselves to failed leadership. We have it within our power to restore America, restore stronger growth to our economy, jobs to our people, and a future where our children and grandchildren are not crushed by impossible debt. The history of America is not about accepting mediocrity, it’s about America uniting, overcoming, and astonishing the world because let me remind you that the only footprints on the moon are American footprints.
344	Adjudicated	Neutral	"In a sense, it's a question of loyalty that Father McBrien has asked me here today to discuss. Specifically, must politics and religion in America divide our loyalties? Does the ""separation between church and state"" imply separation between religion and politics? Between morality and government? Are these different propositions? Even more specifically, what is the relationship of my Catholicism to my politics? Where does the one end and other begin? Or are the two divided at all? And if they're not, should they be? Hard questions."
301	Adjudicated	Optimistic	We have a woman who is an inspiration to so many others, I thank her. I thank Beyoncé for standing up and showing the world we are strongest when we look out for each other. And I thank Jay for addressing in his music some of our biggest challenges in the country: poverty, racism, the urgent need for criminal justice reform. And remember, Jay memorably said something we should all recall, “Rosa Parks sat so Martin Luther could walk. And Martin Luther walked so that Barack Obama could run. And Barack Obama ran so that all children could fly.” Well we have unfinished business to do. More barriers to break. And with your help, a glass ceiling to crack once and for all. I want to be a president who helps everyone fulfill their God given potential, and I can’t do that unless on Tuesday we decide what kind of country we want to be. Will we reject a dark and divisive vision for our future, and embrace a hopeful, inclusive, unifying America?
473	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Like many of my fellow Millennials, I do not consider myself categorically Republican or Democrat. More than party affiliation, I vote based on what I believe is right for my family and for my country. Sometimes it's a tough choice. That is not the case this time; as the proud daughter of your nominee I am here to tell you that this is the moment and Donald Trump is the person to make America great again. [applause] Real change, the kind we have not seen in decades, is only going to come from outside the system, and it's only going to come from a man who has spent his entire life doing what others said could not be done.
162	Adjudicated	Neutral	Finally, if there is to be advanced any proposal designed to ease even by the smallest measure the tensions of today’s world, what more appropriate audience could there be than the members of the General Assembly of the United Nations. I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new, one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. The atomic age has moved forward at such a pace that every citizen of the world should have some comprehension, at least in comparative terms, of the extent of this development, of the utmost significance to everyone of us. Clearly, if the peoples of the world are to conduct an intelligent search for peace, they must be armed with the significant facts of today’s existence.
469	Adjudicated	Neutral	"We are on the threshold of a new century, a new millennium. What will the legacy of this vanishing century be? How will it be remembered in the new millennium? Surely it will be judged, and judged severely, in both moral and metaphysical terms. These failures have cast a dark shadow over humanity: two World Wars, countless civil wars, the senseless chain of assassinations (Gandhi, the Kennedys, Martin Luther King, Sadat, Rabin), bloodbaths in Cambodia and Algeria, India and Pakistan, Ireland and Rwanda, Eritrea and Ethiopia, Sarajevo and Kosovo; the inhumanity in the gulag and the tragedy of Hiroshima. And, on a different level, of course, Auschwitz and Treblinka. So much violence; so much indifference. What is indifference? Etymologically, the word means ""no difference."" A strange and unnatural state in which the lines blur between light and darkness, dusk and dawn, crime and punishment, cruelty and compassion, good and evil. What are its courses and inescapable consequences? Is it a philosophy? Is there a philosophy of indifference conceivable? Can one possibly view indifference as a virtue? Is it necessary at times to practice it simply to keep one's sanity, live normally, enjoy a fine meal and a glass of wine, as the world around us experiences harrowing upheavals?"
137	Adjudicated	Optimistic	We must re-elect the president because he's standing up for middle-class families and growing an economy that is built to last. And he's doing it all over the country and right here in North Carolina. My friends, it starts with education. The president has made schools a top priority. He actually understands that all parents want their children to have even better opportunities than they had as a child. This president's education initiatives are helping North Carolina's schools and schools across America soar. These investments are moving education reform and innovation, and strengthening our nationally recognized early-childhood education programs. This president, my friends, simply gets it on education, and that is a good thing for America. He knows that a education is the difference-maker for every child and is the pathway for this country to succeed in the global economy. From education to broadband, from building roads and bridges to supporting the military, Barack Obama is delivering for North Carolina. And he is delivering for America. A growing middle class is simply the foundation for a strong America. President Obama is also standing up for women in North Carolina and in America. He has helped women across this country fight for equal pay for equal work; he understands that women must be guaranteed access to quality, affordable health care, and make sure that their insurance coverage pays for those costs with no out-of-pocket costs. And unlike Mitt Romney, President Obama is standing up for Planned Parenthood.
396	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	I contend, my friends, that we have no difficult problem to solve in America, and that is the view of nearly everyone with whom I have discussed the matter here in Washington and elsewhere throughout the United States -- that we have no very difficult problem to solve. It is not the difficulty of the problem which we have; it is the fact that the rich people of this country -- and by rich people I mean the super-rich -- will not allow us to solve the problems, or rather the one little problem that is afflicting this country, because in order to cure all of our woes it is necessary to scale down the big fortunes, that we may scatter the wealth to be shared by all of the people. We have a marvelous love for this Government of ours; in fact, it is almost a religion, and it is well that it should be, because we have a splendid form of government and we have a splendid set of laws. We have everything here that we need, except that we have neglected the fundamentals upon which the American Government was principally predicated.
165	Adjudicated	Optimistic	It can’t be about anything other than looking at the future. It can’t be about looking at yesterday; we need to be focused on tomorrow. To win, we are going to have to fight against those who have been trying to push hate and division among us and have Americans turn on each other. To win, we’re going to have to fight for what I know in my heart and in my soul to be true — which is in the beauty of the diversity of who we are as a nation. We all have so much more in common than what separates us. And to win, we are going to need a nominee on that stage with Donald Trump who has the ability to go toe to toe with Donald Trump — and Iowa, you are looking at her. I have spent my career as a prosecutor. I’ve only had one client in my entire life, and that has been the people. Unlike other people, unlike others, I have never represented a corporation. I have never represented a special interest. I started my career fighting for the people. In fact, the first time I walked into a courtroom, I spoke five words. ‘Kamala Harris, For the People.’ And those words, ‘For the People,’ capture our system of justice. Because there are two points when we say for the people. One, in our system of justice, we have rightly said that a harm against anyone is a harm against everyone — that no one should ever be made to fight alone. And for the people, when I stood there, and when I stand here today, also means all the people. Regardless of race, regardless of gender, regardless of sexual orientation, regardless of the party with which they are registered to vote, regardless of the language your grandmother speaks. It means all the people. And it was for the people that a large part of my early career was about fighting against those who molested children and raped women — because it was about saying that those survivors deserved justice and a voice that gave them safety without judgment. For the people.
195	Adjudicated	Neutral	"We have seen it in the courage of passengers, who rushed terrorists to save others on the ground -- passengers like an exceptional man named Todd Beamer. And would you please help me to welcome his wife, Lisa Beamer, here tonight. We have seen the state of our Union in the endurance of rescuers, working past exhaustion. We've seen the unfurling of flags, the lighting of candles, the giving of blood, the saying of prayers -- in English, Hebrew, and Arabic. We have seen the decency of a loving and giving people who have made the grief of strangers their own. My fellow citizens, for the last nine days, the entire world has seen for itself the state of our Union -- and it is strong. Tonight we are a country awakened to danger and called to defend freedom. Our grief has turned to anger, and anger to resolution. Whether we bring our enemies to justice, or bring justice to our enemies, justice will be done. I thank the Congress for its leadership at such an important time. All of America was touched on the evening of the tragedy to see Republicans and Democrats joined together on the steps of this Capitol, singing ""God Bless America."" And you did more than sing; you acted, by delivering 40 billion dollars to rebuild our communities and meet the needs of our military. Speaker Hastert, Minority Leader Gephardt, Majority Leader Daschle, and Senator Lott, I thank you for your friendship, for your leadership, and for your service to our country. And on behalf of the American people, I thank the world for its outpouring of support. America will never forget the sounds of our National Anthem playing at Buckingham Palace, on the streets of Paris, and at Berlin's Brandenburg Gate."
259	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	It is we, the people and to see the diversity, to see the heart, to see the care that we as Americans have for each other is what gives me hope for our future. Because right now we are facing incredibly challenging times. We are facing great divisiveness and unfortunately we face self-serving politicians and people in positions of power who are seeking to tear us apart and to divide us for their own selfish gain. Whether it be for political gain or profits or clicks online or media ratings or whatever it is, they're putting their own selfish interests ahead of the interests of the people. Separating us, dividing us, driving wedges between us based on the color of our skin, where we come from, how we worship or if we worship or who we love. All of these different things that make up the diverse fabric that is the United States of America. And this is so heartbreaking. This is so heartbreaking because we love our country.
435	Adjudicated	Neutral	From the beginning of time, nations and people have faced unforeseen challenges, including large-scale and very dangerous health threats. This is the way it always was and always will be. It only matters how you respond, and we are responding with great speed and professionalism. Our team is the best anywhere in the world. At the very start of the outbreak, we instituted sweeping travel restrictions on China and put in place the first federally mandated quarantine in over 50 years. We declared a public health emergency and issued the highest level of travel warning on other countries as the virus spread its horrible infection. And taking early intense action, we have seen dramatically fewer cases of the virus in the United States than are now present in Europe.
413	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	We meet in an hour of grief and challenge. Dag Hammarskjold is dead. But the United Nations lives. His tragedy is deep in our hearts, but the task for which he died is at the top of our agenda. A noble servant of peace is gone. But the quest for peace lies before us. The problem is not the death of one man--the problem is the life of this organization. It will either grow to meet the challenges of our age, or it will be gone with the wind, without influence, without force, without respect. Were we to let it die, to enfeeble its vigor, to cripple its powers, we would condemn our future.
115	Adjudicated	Optimistic	It’s hard to believe that this grass roots movement with all of you hear today and others elsewhere started a quite some time ago, 20 months ago, with one staffer at my kitchen table. But through all of the unpredictable twists and turns, you know one thing has remained constant and that is our goal. And the goal is simple and it’s clear, it is to bring common sense problem-solving to Washington for the fifth district of Connecticut and for our state. That is what brought us here and that is what is bringing us on to Washington. Because of your help. You know because you were there. You knocked on those doors. You made those phone calls. Some of you a lot of them. There over tens thousands of doors, hundreds of thousands of phone calls, and that overwhelmed the millions of those dollars that poured in. Because at the end of the day, it is hard work, and it is passion and commitment that counts and we proved it right here and I couldn’t be prouder of all of you and more grateful to all of you for your hard work and your belief that this was possible, that it mattered, and that we can stand up and say there are better ways and we did it with you. Thank you so much.
300	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I’m also confident that I don't do this by myself. I do this with each and every one of you all. Representative Smith talked about the tactics changing, how folks are going all out. Well, we're capable of going all out – because we've done it before. We've done it before. But I know since 2018, we haven't got all the wins that we wanted – but we got some good ones. And if there was any indicator that the electorate is ready, look at this past school board and city council race, where we had some record turnouts and some amazing folks get elected in communities like Waterloo. People are ready, but the question is are you? Because, you all are the giants, that's why you're here today. Isaac Newton said, “I see farther because I stand on the shoulders of giants.” Our communities are stronger because you all are here today. And if you're willing, you'll go out and get more people engaged – because that's how we win this race. I know that there's a lot of rhetoric happening on the republican side and we want to correct the record and we want to let them know what the truth is – but we also have to make sure we engage our own people; and empower our own people. My grandma used to say, ‘sweep around your own back door before you come and sweep around mine.’
407	Adjudicated	Neutral	We come to Berlin, we American Presidents, because it's our duty to speak in this place of freedom. But I must confess, we’re drawn here by other things as well; by the feeling of history in this city -- more than 500 years older than our own nation; by the beauty of the Grunewald and the Tiergarten; most of all, by your courage and determination. Perhaps the composer, Paul Linke, understood something about American Presidents. You see, like so many Presidents before me, I come here today because wherever I go, whatever I do: Ich hab noch einen Koffer in Berlin. [I still have a suitcase in Berlin.] Our gathering today is being broadcast throughout Western Europe and North America. I understand that it is being seen and heard as well in the East. To those listening throughout Eastern Europe, I extend my warmest greetings and the good will of the American people. To those listening in East Berlin, a special word: Although I cannot be with you, I address my remarks to you just as surely as to those standing here before me. For I join you, as I join your fellow countrymen in the West, in this firm, this unalterable belief: Es gibt nur ein Berlin. [There is only one Berlin.]
50	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	I do not believe that the American people and the Congress wish to turn a deaf ear to the appeal of the Greek Government. Greece is not a rich country. Lack of  sufficient natural resources has always forced the Greek people to work hard to make both ends meet. Since 1940, this industrious, peace loving country has suffered invasion, four years of cruel enemy occupation, and bitter internal strife. When forces of liberation entered Greece they found that the retreating Germans had destroyed virtually all the railways, roads, port facilities, communications, and merchant marine. More than a thousand villages had been burned. Eighty-five percent of the children were tubercular. Livestock, poultry, and draft animals had almost disappeared. Inflation had wiped out practically all savings. As a result of these tragic conditions, a militant minority, exploiting human want and misery, was able to create political chaos which, until now, has made economic recovery impossible.
168	Adjudicated	Optimistic	And that is how this city — the Mill City — and our country prospered, right along this river and our nation’s railways and roads, grounded in the common belief that prosperity shared leads to better lives for all. And this is how we became the world’s beacon of democracy, one in which everyone matters. We start in this place where about a mile downriver, on a beautiful summer day, a big bridge collapsed into this river. I said on that day, that a bridge just shouldn’t fall down in the middle of America. Not one of the busiest bridges in our state. Not a bridge just a few blocks from our house that John and Abigail and I drove over nearly every day. But it happened.
257	Adjudicated	Neutral	First of all, let me state the simple fact that when you deposit money in a bank, the bank does not put the money into a safe deposit vault. It invests your money in many different forms of credit -- in bonds, in commercial paper, in mortgages and in many other kinds of loans. In other words, the bank puts your money to work to keep the wheels of industry and of agriculture turning around. A comparatively small part of the money that you put into the bank is kept in currency -- an amount which in normal times is wholly sufficient to cover the cash needs of the average citizen. In other words, the total amount of all the currency in the country is only a comparatively small proportion of the total deposits in all the banks of the country.
96	Adjudicated	Optimistic	This is about California. This is about who we are. We are California, we are proud. So here's the deal guys, it's gonna be a long night, it's going to be a long night. We don't know how everything is going to turn out, and we know that there is so much to be proud of in terms of who we are as a state. I am so proud, I am so proud to represent this beautiful diverse state. So whatever the results of the presidential election tonight, we know that we have a task in front of us. We know the stakes are high, we know that we are making a commitment tonight with this celebration of this Senate race to do everything that we know needs to happen in our country to heal, to bring our country together, to fight for who we are and for our ideals, to be committed to what we know we have to do when we have been attacked and when our ideals and fundamental values are being attacked.
38	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Donald Trump's ignorance and incompetence have always been a danger to our country. COVID-19 was Trump's biggest test — he failed miserably. Today, America has the most COVID deaths in the world and an economic collapse and both crises are falling hardest on black and brown families. Millions out of work, millions more trapped in cycles of poverty, millions on the brink of losing their homes, millions of restaurants and stores hanging by a thread. This crisis is bad and it didn't have to be this way. This crisis is on Donald Trump and the Republicans who enable him. On November third we will hold them all accountable. So, whether you're planning to vote wearing a mask or vote by mail, please take out your phone right now and text “vote” to 303-30. We all need to be in the fight to get Joe and Kamala elected and after November we all need to stay in the fight to get big things done. We stay in this fight so that when our children and our grandchildren ask what we did during this dark chapter in our nation's history we will be able to look them squarely in the eye and say, “We organized, we persisted and we changed America.”
186	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Black history is extremely important because it is American history. Given this, it is in some ways sad that there is the need for a black history month. Though we are still all enlarged by our study of and knowledge of the roles played by blacks in American history, and though there is a crying need for all of us to know and to acknowledge the contributions of black Americans, a black history month is still a testament to the problem that has afflicted African Americans throughout our stay in this country. Black history is given a separate, and unequal, treatment by our society in general and by our educational institutions in particular. As a former American history major I am struck by the fact that such a major part of our national story has been divorced from the whole. In law, culture, science, athletics, industry and other fields, knowledge of the roles played by blacks is critical to an understanding of the American experiment. For too long we have been too willing to segregate the study of black history. There is clearly a need at present for a device that focuses the attention of the country on the study of the history of its black citizens. But we must endeavor to integrate black history into our culture and into our curriculums in ways in which it has never occurred before so that the study of black history, and a recognition of the contributions of black Americans, becomes commonplace. Until that time, black history must remain an important, vital concept. But we have to recognize that until black history is included in the standard curriculum in all of our schools and becomes a regular part of all of our lives, it will be viewed as a novelty, relatively unimportant and not as weighty as ‘true” American history.
400	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Well, let me—let me start. Of course, because Hillary’s, you know, many tributes to me was—taken me off of, just kind of thrown me a little bit. It was very generous. But I just want to take this moment publicly to thank Hillary. I mean there—it takes a level of generosity of spirit to do what Hillary has done in her career in her life for our family, for this nation. And if people wonder, yes Hillary Clinton is my friend. She has been a friend to me and Barrack and Malia and Sasha. And Bill and Chelsea have been embracing and supportive from the very day my husband took the oath of office.
108	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	"Hanoi denounced this offer, both privately and publicly. Even while the search for peace was going on, North Vietnam rushed their preparations for a savage assault on the people, the government, and the allies of South Vietnam. Their attack -- during the Tet holidays -- failed to achieve its principal objectives. It did not collapse the elected Government of South Vietnam or shatter its army -- as the Communists had hoped. It did not produce a ""general uprising"" among the people of the cities, as they had predicted. The Communists were unable to maintain control of any of the more than 30 cities that they attacked. And they took very heavy casualties. But they did compel the South Vietnamese and their allies to move certain forces from the countryside into the cities. They caused widespread disruption and suffering. Their attacks, and the battles that followed, made refugees of half a million human beings."
196	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Each American generation passes the torch of truth, liberty and justice –- in an unbroken chain all the way down to the present. That torch is now in our hands.  And we will use it to light up the world.  I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength, and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart. A new chapter of American Greatness is now beginning. A new national pride is sweeping across our Nation. And a new surge of optimism is placing impossible dreams firmly within our grasp. What we are witnessing today is the Renewal of the American Spirit. Our allies will find that America is once again ready to lead. All the nations of the world -- friend or foe -- will find that America is strong, America is proud, and America is free. In 9 years, the United States will celebrate the 250th anniversary of our founding -- 250 years since the day we declared our Independence. It will be one of the great milestones in the history of the world. But what will America look like as we reach our 250th year? What kind of country will we leave for our children? I will not allow the mistakes of recent decades past to define the course of our future. For too long, we've watched our middle class shrink as we've exported our jobs and wealth to foreign countries. We've financed and built one global project after another, but ignored the fates of our children in the inner cities of Chicago, Baltimore, Detroit -- and so many other places throughout our land.
145	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	And we cannot achieve any of this my friends if we do not have voting rights, if we do not have a democracy that works. That's why we must reauthorize the Voting Rights Act. Stop the voter suppression, pass my bill to register every kid in this country when they turn 18 and pass--and pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United. That's how we get all this stuff done. That's how we do it and we must not just get all these great policies passed. That's what the debates have been about right? We must also change the tone in our politics. We must reach out to our friends and say you know what, imagine if every morning you didn't have to wake up to one of those mean tweets. I don't know what the media would do, they'd have to like go to sleep again. What would we do, what would our life be like? And you say to your friends and neighbors and people you know that may have voted to Donald Trump, and we know there’s plenty of them here in Iowa, you say to them look what he has done. He hasn't kept his promises, he gloats about an economy he didn't create. That our workers and our businesses were so resilient out of the downturn, they got us to where we are and he sits there and gloat and then when anything goes wrong of his own making from his trade wars and from his ethanol waivers and from how he's handled the farm economy, what does he do? He whines. So you tell your friends who work hard every day, that may have made an error, may have voted for Donald Trump, you tell them we don't want a whiner in the White House. We do not need that anymore. We need someone who is strong, is the backbone of this country. We need someone who's willing to take on the challenges of this country and then remember my friends the march we are on. We are not alone in this march. It started the day after Inauguration Day when millions of people, including in this state of Iowa, peacefully marched all over this country. When the next day 6,000 women signed up to run for office, that happened. When on day nine you were not alone, people spontaneously showed up when that mean-spirited refugee order came out and they went to airports. They went to non-international airports, they stood up and they protested. You go to day 100, my favorite march, the March for science, my favorite sign, “What do we want? Science. When do we want it? After peer-review.” You go to the summer where the fighting 48 Democrats in the Senate were joined by three brave Republicans when they tried to do that mean-spirited thing and overturn the Affordable Care Act and overturn people's simple right to stay on their insurance when they have pre-existing conditions. What happened? We won, we won because of all of you. That is a march you’re on and in the fall in those glimmers of hope in New Jersey and Virginia and those legislative races, when all of a sudden people were winning in places we never thought they could win. My favorite, a guy in New Jersey that said the day of the Women's March, “I hope they'll be home in time to make dinner.” That guy lost, he was beaten by an African American woman, that happened. And then in that victory of decency and dignity Doug Jones wins in the state of Alabama, we won in Alabama. And those students in Florida, that is the March we are on. Let's win Iowa 2020!
10	Adjudicated	Optimistic	We must act today in order to preserve tomorrow. And let there be no misunderstanding -- we’re going to begin to act beginning today. The economic ills we suffer have come upon us over several decades. They will not go away in days, weeks, or months, but they will go away. They will go away because we as Americans have the capacity now, as we have had in the past, to do whatever needs to be done to preserve this last and greatest bastion of freedom. So with all the creative energy at our command, let us begin an era of national renewal. Let us renew our determination, our courage, and our strength. And let us renew our faith and our hope. We have every right to dream heroic dreams.
205	Adjudicated	Neutral	The revolution in the technology of war makes it necessary in order that you, when you hold positions of command, may make an educated judgment between various techniques, that you also be a scientist and an engineer and a physicist, and your responsibilities go far beyond the classic problems of tactics and strategy. In the years to come, some of you will serve as your Commandant did last year, as an adviser to foreign governments; some will negotiate as Admiral Burke did, in Korea, with other governments on behalf of the United States; some will go to the far reaches of space and some will go to the bottom of the ocean. Many of you from one time or another, in the positions of command, or as members of staff, will participate in great decisions which go far beyond the narrow reaches of professional competence.
92	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	This has been tough weeks in that country. Coalition forces have encountered serious violence in some areas of Iraq. Our military commanders report that this violence is being instigated by three groups: Some remnants of Saddam Hussein's regime, along with Islamic militants have attacked coalition forces in the city of Fallujah. Terrorists from other countries have infiltrated Iraq to incite and organize attacks. In the south of Iraq, coalition forces face riots and attacks that are being incited by a radical cleric named al-Sadr. He has assembled some of his supporters into an illegal militia, and publicly supported the terrorist groups, Hamas and Hezbollah. Al-Sadr's methods of violence and intimidation are widely repudiated by other Iraqi Shia. He's been indicted by Iraqi authorities for the murder of a prominent Shia cleric. Although these instigations of violence come from different factions, they share common goals. They want to run us out of Iraq and destroy the democratic hopes of the Iraqi people. The violence we have seen is a power grab by these extreme and ruthless elements.
221	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Several weeks ago in New Orleans, I warned Colonel Qadhafi we would hold his regime accountable for any new terrorist attacks launched against American citizens. More recently I made it clear we would respond as soon as we determined conclusively who was responsible for such attacks. On April 5th in West Berlin a terrorist bomb exploded in a nightclub frequented by American servicemen. Sergeant Kenneth Ford and a young Turkish woman were killed and 230 others were wounded, among them some 50 American military personnel. This monstrous brutality is but the latest act in Colonel Qadhafi's reign of terror. The evidence is now conclusive that the terrorist bombing of La Belle discotheque was planned and executed under the direct orders of the Libyan regime. On March 25th, more than a week before the attack, orders were sent from Tripoli to the Libyan People's Bureau in East Berlin to conduct a terrorist attack against Americans to cause maximum and indiscriminate casualties. Libya's agents then planted the bomb. On April 4th the People's Bureau alerted Tripoli that the attack would be carried out the following morning. The next day they reported back to Tripoli on the great success of their mission.
453	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	The United States was at peace with that nation and, at the solicitation of Japan, was still in conversation with its government and its emperor looking toward the maintenance of peace in the Pacific. Indeed, one hour after Japanese air squadrons had commenced bombing in the American island of Oahu, the Japanese ambassador to the United States and his colleague delivered to our Secretary of State a formal reply to a recent American message. And while this reply stated that it seemed useless to continue the existing diplomatic negotiations, it contained no threat or hint of war or of armed attack.1
153	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	All I have I would have given gladly not to be standing here today. The greatest leader of our time has been struck down by the foulest deed of our time. Today, John Fitzgerald Kennedy lives on in the immortal words and works that he left behind. He lives on in the mind and memories of mankind. He lives on in the hearts of his countrymen. No words are sad enough to express our sense of loss. No words are strong enough to express our determination to continue the forward thrust of America that he began.
24	Adjudicated	Optimistic	For our part, I am today committing the United States of America to support a new worldwide fund with a founding contribution of $200 million. This is in addition to the billions we spend on research and to the $760 million we're spending this year to help the international effort to fight AIDS. This $200 million will go exclusively to a global fund, with more to follow as we learn where our support can be most effective. Based on this morning's meetings, I believe a consensus is forming on the basic elements that must shape the Global Fund and its use. First, we agree on the need for partnerships across borders and among both the public and private sectors. We must call upon the compassion, energy and generosity of people everywhere. This means that not only governments can help but also private corporations, foundations, faith-based groups and nongovernmental organizations as well. Second, we agree on an integrated approach that emphasizes prevention and training of medical personnel as well as treatment and care. Prevention is indispensable to any strategy of controlling a pandemic such as we now face. Third, we must concentrate our efforts on programs that work, proven best practices. Whenever the Global Fund supports any health program, we must know that it meets certain essential criteria. We must know that the money is well spent, victims are well cared for and local populations are well served.
380	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I'd like to just acknowledge in general the people who are here from law enforcement organizations and firefighters' organizations and public employees and teachers' groups who have helped us on this national service project. And I want to say a special word of thanks to three other people. First of all, Gen. David Jones, a former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff who has worked very hard helping us put together this program, who is here. General Jones, thank you for being here. Secondly, a remarkable gentleman from New Jersey, an immensely successful businessman who retired early and is devoting his entire life to community service to rebuild the lives and the neighborhoods of the people in his community in New Jersey and now helping others around the country, a founding Member of the Points of Light Foundation, Mr. Ray Chambers, who is here. And I'd like to pay a little special attention to two members of Congress who are not here and to one who is, for their long work on the whole idea of national service. The two in the Senate who are not here are Senator Harris Wofford from Pennsylvania and Senator Sam Nunn from Georgia. And then Representative Dave McCurdy from Oklahoma, thank you for all of the work you've done on this over the years.
36	Adjudicated	Neutral	But for too long, the Nation's business in Washington has been conducted as if these basic rules did not apply. Well, these rules do apply. And if we fail to act, next year alone we will face a Federal budget deficit of more than $300 billion, a deficit that could weaken our economy further and cost us thousands of precious jobs. If what goes up must come down, then the way down could be very hard. But it doesn't have to be that way. We can do something. In fact, we have started to do something. But we must act this week, when Congress will hold the first of two crucial up-or-down votes. These votes will be on a deficit reduction agreement worked out between the administration and the bipartisan leaders of Congress. This budget agreement is the result of 8 months of blood, sweat, and fears—fears of the economic chaos that would follow if we fail to reduce the deficit. Of course, I cannot claim it's the best deficit reduction plan possible. It's not. Any one of us alone might have written a better plan. But it is the best agreement that can be legislated now. It is the biggest deficit reduction agreement ever—half a trillion dollars. It's the toughest deficit reduction package ever, with new enforcement rules to make sure that what we fix now stays fixed. And it has the largest spending savings ever—more than $300 billion. For the first time, a Republican President and leaders of a Democratic Congress have agreed to real cuts that will be enforced by law, not promises—no smoke, no mirrors, no magic act, but real and lasting spending cuts.
418	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	I would like to begin by addressing the heinous attack on the United States Capitol. Like all Americans, I am outraged by the violence, lawlessness, and mayhem. I immediately deployed the National Guard and federal law enforcement to secure the building and expel the intruders. America is, and must always be, a nation of law and order. The demonstrators who infiltrated the Capitol have defiled the seat of American democracy. To those who engaged in the acts of violence and destruction, you do not represent our country. And to those who broke the law, you will pay. We have just been through an intense election, and emotions are high, but now tempers must be cooled, and calm restored. We must get on with the business of America. 
7	Adjudicated	Neutral	Good morning. The global devastation of HIV/AIDS staggers the imagination and shocks the conscience. The disease has already killed over 20 million people and it's poised to kill at least 40 million more. In Africa, the disease clouds the future of entire nations and threatens to hold back the hopes of an entire continent. In the hardest-hit countries of sub-Sahara Africa as much as one-third of the adult population is infected with HIV, and 10 percent or more of the school teachers will die of AIDS within five years. Today I announce that my administration plans to make $500 million available to prevent mother-to-child transmission of HIV. This new effort, which will be funded during the next 16 months, will allow us to treat one million women annually, and reduce mother-to-child transmission by 40 percent within five years or less in target countries.
487	Adjudicated	Optimistic	But this election shows that when Oregonians are given an opportunity to invest in our classrooms, to build affordable housing, and to protect health care, it's not a toss-up, it's not even a close call, it’s a slam dunk. This election shows that when our values are on the ballot, Oregonians will come together and fight like hell to stand up for what we believe in. Tonight we can say we fought to keep Oregon a welcoming and inclusive place for all. Tonight we can say we fought to make sure that thousands more will have access to affordable housing and we won. And tonight we've fought to make sure that every woman in this state, regardless of their income, regardless of their zip code, and regardless of their immigration status, will have access to the full complement of reproductive health services. All right you guys, but make no mistake the fight isn't over. We still got lots of work to do. We've never had someone so divisive in the White House or someone with such less respect for the truth or for the people impacted by his decisions, and as we've learned from this election, Oregon isn't immune from these threats. We came close to losing the progress that we've worked so very hard for. Thanks to all of you, and the voters of this great state, we're going to keep Oregon a shining beacon of hope.
419	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	The debate over whether to lift the ban on homosexuals in the military has, to put it mildly, sparked a great deal of interest over the last few days. Today, as you know, I have reached an agreement, at least with Senator Nunn and Senator Mitchell, about how we will proceed in the next few days. But first I would like to explain what I believe about this issue and why, and what I have decided to do after a long conversation, and a very good one, with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and discussions with several Members of Congress. The issue is not whether there should be homosexuals in the military. Everyone concedes that there are. The issue is whether men and women who can and have served with real distinction should be excluded from military service solely on the basis of their status. And I believe they should not. The principle on which I base this position is this: I believe that American citizens who want to serve their country should be able to do so unless their conduct disqualifies them from doing so. Military life is fundamentally different from civilian society; it necessarily has a different and stricter code of conduct, even a different code of justice. Nonetheless, individuals who are prepared to accept all necessary restrictions on their behavior, many of which would be intolerable in civilian society, should be able to serve their country honorably and well.
325	Adjudicated	Optimistic	There are today upwards of sixty millions of Socialists, loyal, devoted adherents to this cause, regardless of nationality, race, creed, color, or sex. They are all making common cause. They are spreading with tireless energy the propaganda of the new social order. They are waiting, watching, and working hopefully through all the hours of the day and the night. They are still in a minority. But they have learned how to be patient and to bide their time. They feel -- they know, indeed -- that the time is coming, in spite of all opposition, all persecution, when this emancipating gospel will spread among all the peoples, and when this minority will become the triumphant majority and, sweeping into power, inaugurate the greatest social and economic change in history.
105	Adjudicated	Optimistic	It is wonderful to be here today with you and with my husband. I’m very proud of him. He’s hard worker, he’s kind, he has a great heart, he’s tough, he’s smart, he’s a great communicator, he’s a great negotiator, he’s telling the truth, he’s a great leader, he’s fair. As you may know by now when you attack him, he will punch back ten times harder. No matter who you are-- a man or a woman—he treats everyone equal. He’s a fighter, and if you elect him to be your President, he will fight for you and for our country. He will work for you and with you. And together we will make America strong and great again.
179	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Last night, at my direction, the United States military successfully executed a flawless precision strike that killed the number-one terrorist anywhere in the world, Qasem Soleimani. Soleimani was plotting imminent and sinister attacks on American diplomats and military personnel, but we caught him in the act and terminated him. Under my leadership, America’s policy is unambiguous: To terrorists who harm or intend to harm any American, we will find you; we will eliminate you. We will always protect our diplomats, service members, all Americans, and our allies.
364	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Most importantly, my administration is working with Congress to address the root cause behind much of the instability in our markets. Financial assets related to home mortgages have lost value during the housing decline. And the banks holding these assets have restricted credit. As a result, our entire economy is in danger. So I've proposed that the federal government reduce the risk posed by these troubled assets, and supply urgently-needed money so banks and other financial institutions can avoid collapse and resume lending. This rescue effort is not aimed at preserving any individual company or industry -- it is aimed at preserving America's overall economy. It will help American consumers and businesses get credit to meet their daily needs and create jobs. And it will help send a signal to markets around the world that America's financial system is back on track.
81	Adjudicated	Neutral	On the day after our arrest it was give out by the U. S. Marshal and the District Attorney’s office that the “big fish” of the No-Conscription activities had been caught, and that there would be no more trouble-makers and disturbers to interfere with the highly democratic effort of the Government to conscript its young manhood for the European slaughter.  What a pity that the faithful servants of the Government, personified in the U. S. Marsha land the District Attorney, should have used such a weak and flimsy net for their big catch.  The moment the anglers pulled their heavily laden net ashore, it broke, and all the labor was so much wasted energy. The methods employed by Marshal McCarthy and his hosts of heroic warriors were sensational enough to satisfy the famous circus men, Barnum & Baily.  A dozen or more heroes dashing up two flights of stairs, prepared to stake their lives for their country, only to discover the two dangerous disturbers and trouble-makers Alexander Berkman and Emma Goldman, in their separate offices, quietly at work at their desks, wielding not a sword, nor a gun or a bomb, but merely their pens!  Verily, it required courage to catch such big fish.
443	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Addressing the challenges in the auto industry requires us to balance these two responsibilities. If we were to allow the free market to take its course now, it would almost certainly lead to disorderly bankruptcy and liquidation for the automakers. Under ordinary economic circumstances, I would say this is the price that failed companies must pay -- and I would not favor intervening to prevent the automakers from going out of business. But these are not ordinary circumstances. In the midst of a financial crisis and a recession, allowing the U.S. auto industry to collapse is not a responsible course of action. The question is how we can best give it a chance to succeed. Some argue the wisest path is to allow the auto companies to reorganize through Chapter 11 provisions of our bankruptcy laws -- and provide federal loans to keep them operating while they try to restructure under the supervision of a bankruptcy court. But given the current state of the auto industry and the economy, Chapter 11 is unlikely to work for American automakers at this time.
365	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Our nation is facing an unprecedented global crisis that highlights the inextricable bonds of humanity and how foreign policy and domestic policy are inseparable. We are all in this together and we must all rise to meet this moment in service to our country and our fellow man. This is not the first time that we have faced adversity together and it will not be the last. After the terrorist attack by al Qaeda on our country on 9/11 we stood together as Americans. Motivated to serve, marshaling our forces to defeat our common enemy. I and so many Americans all across this country enlisted in the military to do just that. Likewise, today as Americans — and all of humanity — we face a common enemy. It is once again time as Americans and as neighbors in this global community that we stand together once again and work hand-in-hand to defeat this new enemy — the coronavirus. Throughout my life and throughout this campaign, my motivation has been to serve God, our country, and the American people as best I can. I feel that the best way that I can be of service at this time is to continue to work for the health and well-being of the people of Hawaii and our country in Congress and to stand ready to serve in uniform should the Hawaii National Guard be activated.
264	Adjudicated	Optimistic	The result will be security and dignity for the people of Kosovo, achieved by an alliance that stood together in purpose and resolve, assisted by the diplomatic efforts of Russia. This victory brings a new hope that when a people are singled out for destruction because of their heritage and religious faith and we can do something about it, the world will not look the other way. I want to express my profound gratitude to the men and women of our Armed Forces and those of our Allies. Day after day, night after night, they flew, risking their lives to attack their targets and to avoid civilian casualties when they were fired upon from populated areas. I ask every American to join me in saying to them, thank you, you've made us very proud.
88	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	I met with the Prime Minister and members of his cabinet. And most movingly, I met with Israelis who had personally lived through horrific horror of the attack by Hamas on the 7th of October. More than 1,300 people slaughtered in Israel, including at least 32 American citizens. Scores of innocents—from infants to elderly grandparents, Israelis, Americans—taken hostage. As I told the families of Americans being held captive by Hamas, we’re pursuing every avenue to bring their loved ones home. As President, there is no higher priority for me than the safety of Americans held hostage. The terrorist group Hamas unleashed pure, unadulterated evil in the world. But sadly, the Jewish people know, perhaps better than anyone, that there is no limit to the depravity of people when they want to inflict pain on others. In Israel, I saw a people who are strong, determined, resilient, and also angry, in shock, and in deep, deep pain. I also spoke with President Abbas of the Palestinian Authority and reiterated that the United States remains committed to the Palestinian people’s right to dignity and to self-determination. The actions of Hamas terrorists don’t take that right away. Like so many other, I am heartbroken by the tragic loss of Palestinian life, including the explosion at a hospital in Gaza—which was not done by the Israelis.
241	Adjudicated	Neutral	On Saturday morning, Gabby, her staff and many of her constituents gathered outside a supermarket to exercise their right to peaceful assembly and free speech. They were fulfilling a central tenet of the democracy envisioned by our founders –- representatives of the people answering questions to their constituents, so as to carry their concerns back to our nation’s capital.  Gabby called it “Congress on Your Corner” -– just an updated version of government of and by and for the people. And that quintessentially American scene, that was the scene that was shattered by a gunman’s bullets.  And the six people who lost their lives on Saturday –- they, too, represented what is best in us, what is best in America.
456	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	So when we think about these challenges that our state is facing right now, I want us to remind ourselves of what we're capable of. Right now we're 18, 19, 20 on the list – on the rankings for education. Our teachers are leaving this state; our teachers are leaving the profession. Our students are leaving this state, vowing never to come back. Your grandkids are being born outside of the state of Iowa when you prefer for them to be born here right at home. We've got to interrupt that cycle folks, and there's something we can do about it. There's something we can do about it because it's a reasonable request to ask that our governor fully fund our education system so that our students, our students, have access to a limitless future. When our students graduate from high school, I want them to be set up to either have a job or go to college if that's their choice. And if they want a job, I only want them to have to work one folks to make ends meet. That's a reasonable request. Unfortunately our current governor is being unreasonable. Couple weeks ago she signed a 2.55 increase on our state education budget – and we know our students, and our parents, and our teachers are worth more than that.
52	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	But I told the grand jury today, and I say to you now, that at no time did I ask anyone to lie, to hide or destroy evidence, or to take any other unlawful action. I know that my public comments and my silence about this matter gave a false impression. I misled people, including even my wife. I deeply regret that. I can only tell you I was motivated by many factors: first, by a desire to protect myself from the embarrassment of my own conduct. I was also very concerned about protecting my family. The fact that these questions were being asked in a politically inspired lawsuit which has since been dismissed was a consideration, too.
457	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Because we acted, Saddam Hussein no longer fills fields with the remains of innocent men, women, and children. Because we acted, Saddam's torture chambers and rape rooms and children's prisons have been closed for good. Because we acted, Saddam's regime is no longer invading its neighbors or attacking them with chemical weapons and ballistic missiles. Because we acted, Saddam's regime is no longer paying the families of suicide bombers in the Holy Land. Because we acted, Saddam's regime is no longer shooting at American and British aircraft patrolling the no-fly zones and defying the will of the United Nations. Because we acted, the world is better and United States of America is safer. When the Iraqi regime was removed, it did not lay down its arms and surrender. Instead, former regime elements took off their uniforms and faded into the countryside to fight the emergence of a free Iraq. And then they were joined by foreign terrorists who were seeking to stop the advance of liberty in the Middle East and seeking to establish safe havens from which to plot new attacks across the world.
219	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Today our nation joins with you in grief. We mourn with you. We share your hope against hope that some may still survive. We thank all those who have worked so heroically to save lives and to solve this crime -- those here in Oklahoma and those who are all across this great land, and many who left their own lives to come here to work hand in hand with you. We pledge to do all we can to help you heal the injured, to rebuild this city, and to bring to justice those who did this evil. This terrible sin took the lives of our American family, innocent children in that building, only because their parents were trying to be good parents as well as good workers; citizens in the building going about their daily business; and many there who served the rest of us -- who worked to help the elderly and the disabled, who worked to support our farmers and our veterans, who worked to enforce our laws and to protect us. Let us say clearly, they served us well, and we are grateful.
164	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Now, since I last spoke here two years ago, our country has been through a terrible trial.  More than 8 million people have lost their jobs.  Countless small businesses have had to shut their doors.  Trillions of dollars in savings have been lost -- forcing seniors to put off retirement, young people to postpone college, entrepreneurs to give up on the dream of starting a company.  And as a nation we were forced to take unprecedented steps to rescue the financial system and the broader economy. And as a result of the decisions we made -- some of which, let’s face it, were very unpopular -- we are seeing hopeful signs.  A little more than one year ago we were losing an average of 750,000 jobs each month.  Today, America is adding jobs again.  One year ago the economy was shrinking rapidly.  Today the economy is growing.  In fact, we’ve seen the fastest turnaround in growth in nearly three decades.
326	Adjudicated	Optimistic	We will honor the sacrifices of our men and women in uniform and their families who have made us the land of the free and the home of the brave, to build a better future worthy of their sacrifice. And we must honor and respect the aspirations of our children. Elections are about the future, and what we do for our children’s future. So thank you all for making the future better for all of American’s children. God bless you. God bless America. Thank you all very much.
224	Adjudicated	Optimistic	No role in history could be more difficult or more important. We stand for freedom. That is our conviction for ourselves—that is our only commitment to others. No friend, no neutral and no adversary should think otherwise. We are not against any man—or any nation—or any system—except as it is hostile to freedom. Nor am I here to present a new military doctrine, bearing any one name or aimed at any one area. I am here to promote the freedom doctrine. The great battleground for the defense and expansion of freedom today is the whole southern half of the globe—Asia, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East—the lands of the rising peoples. Their revolution is the greatest in human history. They seek an end to injustice, tyranny, and exploitation. More than an end, they seek a beginning.
8	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Nancy and I are most grateful to be with you here today, and I'll take a chance and say, muintir na hEireann [people of Ireland]. Did I get it right? [Applause] All right. Well, it's difficult to express my appreciation to all of you. I feel like I'm about to drown everyone in a bath of nostalgia. Of all the honors and gifts that have been afforded me as President, this visit is the one that I will cherish dearly. You see, I didn't know much about my family background-not because of a lack of interest, but because my father was orphaned before he was 6 years old. And now thanks to you and the efforts of good people who have dug into the history of a poor immigrant family, I know at last whence I came. And this has given my soul a new contentment. And it is a joyous feeling. It is like coming home after a long journey. What unites us is our shared heritage and the common values of our two peoples. So many Irish men and women from every walk of life played a role in creating the dream of America. One was Charles Thompson, Secretary of the Continental Congress, and who designed the first Great Seal of the United States. I'm certainly proud to be part of that great Irish American tradition. From the time of our revolution when Irishmen filled the ranks of the Continental Army, to the building of the railroads, to the cultural contributions of individuals like the magnificent tenor John McCormack and the athletic achievements of the great heavyweight boxing champion John L. Sullivan—all of them are part of a great legacy.
59	Adjudicated	Neutral	The truck I was driving broke down. And I was picked up by my roommate and best friend, Lori Piestewa, who was driving our First Sergeant, Robert Dowdy. We also picked up two other soldiers from a different unit to get them out of harms way. As we drove through An Nasiryah, trying to get turned around to try to leave the city, the signs of hostility were increasing, where people with weapons were on roof tops and the street watching our entire move. The vehicle I was riding in was hit by a rocket propelled grenade and slammed into the back of another truck in our unit. Three people in the vehicle were killed upon impact. Lori and I were taken to a hospital where she later died and I was held for nine days. In all, eleven soldiers died that day, six from my unit, and two others were -- six others from my unit were taken prisoner, plus two others.
17	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Thank you for organizing your communities and shattering records – more than 1.9 million voters who stood up for protecting our public schools, continued criminal justice reform, Medicaid expansion and real economic mobility for all of our counties. We won state House races and Senate races, a new seat in Congress and put America on notice that change is not coming – it has arrived. And you made it so. But those who fear change pushed back, and so we waited for the whole truth of this election – good and evil – to come forth. So thank you sharing your stories, for the tens of thousands of calls into our voter protection line. Thank you for volunteering your hours after the polls closed and for the past ten days. For driving to all 159 counties and for hearing the concerns of Georgia citizens, through tears and frustration and disappointment Because Georgia still has a decision to make about who will we be in the next election. And the one after that. And the one after that. So we have used this election and its aftermath to diagnose what has been broken in our process.
423	Adjudicated	Neutral	This has been accomplished thus far without the use of National Guard or other troops. And it is to be hoped that the law enforcement officers of the State of Mississippi and the Federal marshals will continue to be sufficient in the future. All students, members of the faculty, and public officials in both Mississippi and the Nation will be able, it is hoped, to return to their normal activities with full confidence in the integrity of American law. This is as it should be, for our Nation is founded on the principle that observance of the law is the eternal safeguard of liberty and defiance of the law is the surest road to tyranny. The law which we obey includes the final rulings of the courts, as well as the enactment's of our legislative bodies. Even among law-abiding men few laws are universally loved, but they are uniformly respected and not resisted.
80	Adjudicated	Optimistic	"John F. Kennedy once said, ""Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country."" We must heed his call to action today, at a time in our history where it is so badly needed. We must stand up and fight for the soul of our country. Stand up against bought and paid-for politicians, kowtowing to special interests, selling their votes to the highest bidder. Instead of draining the swamp, our president has turned it into a cesspool of corruption. We must stand up against big pharma and insurance companies who extort those who are sick, who put their profits above the health and wellbeing of our people. We must fight to ensure that every American gets the quality healthcare they need, through Medicare for All. Stand up against big Wall Street banks who gamble with our money and our future. Stand up against overreaching intelligence agencies and big tech companies who take away our civil liberties and freedoms in the name of national security and corporate greed. We must stand up against those who pollute our land, our water, and our air. We must stand up against corporate private prisons profiting off the backs of those caught up in a broken criminal justice system. A system that puts people in prison for smoking marijuana while allowing corporations like Purdue Pharma, who are responsible for opioid-related deaths of thousands, to walk away scot-free and coffers full. This so-called criminal justice system which favors the rich and powerful and punishes the poor CANNOT stand. Stand up against those who perpetuate bigotry, hatred and violence against our brothers and sisters because of their race, religion, or sexual orientation. Stand up against this Administration who claims to believe in America First but who sells our troops, our weapons and our interests to whichever foreign country is the highest bidder. We must stand up against those who dishonor our troops, treating them as political pawns, and mercenaries-for-hire in wars around the world. We must stand up against powerful politicians from both parties who sit in ivory towers thinking up new wars to wage and new places for people to die. Wasting trillions of our tax-payer dollars, hundreds of thousands of lives, undermining our economy and security, and destroying our middle class. "
420	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Think of the presidential candidates that have come through on this stage and have gone on to do amazing things for our country. Jimmy Carter Noah knew who he was. Bill Clinton, Barack Obama you have a big burden on your shoulders but that's because you're used to it. You know what Iowa gave us, Iowa gave us the Granger movement where you took on those big monopolies. It started here in the cornfields all right. You did that and we need to do that again. Iowa gave us as I mentioned, Norman Borlaug who fed the world. Iowa gave us Edna Griffin, that woman who went to Katz drugstore and sat at the counter and when they refused to serve her because she was black she said no, I'm not moving off of this counter, that's what you gave us. Iowa gave us these incredible candidates who are taking on the world and changing the house and that would be Abby and Cindy and Rita and JD who's going to beat Steve King in that district that is what you've given us. You have led the country and you are leading again, but the guy in the White House now, he governs from fear right he makes people afraid he says things on Twitter and most of the time he doesn't follow through but he makes people afraid. He is afraid himself, he is afraid of the NRA and that's why he didn't put common-sense gun legislation in place.
44	Adjudicated	Neutral	"The ancient Greek, Sophocles, once said, ""One must wait until the evening to truly see how magnificent the day has been."" My father, Joseph Vincent Paterno, never wanted to look back, to be seated in the evening reflecting on the day passed. Once something was done, it was on to the next challenge. Well, dad, you have no choice. The evening has arrived, and whether you like it or not, there are many here that have and will continue to reflect on the magnificent daylight of your life. Born in Brooklyn to Angelo and Florence Paterno, many of you know the well-versed details of his life. What you may not know is his father instilled in him the ideals and values of inclusion and openness. Angelo Paterno worked [all] his life to increase dialogue between people of different faiths, different races, and his oldest son, Joe Paterno, made those values his core values."
310	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Over the past two years, what began as a series of peaceful protests against the repressive regime of Bashar al-Assad has turned into a brutal civil war.  Over 100,000 people have been killed.  Millions have fled the country.  In that time, America has worked with allies to provide humanitarian support, to help the moderate opposition, and to shape a political settlement.  But I have resisted calls for military action, because we cannot resolve someone else’s civil war through force, particularly after a decade of war in Iraq and Afghanistan. The situation profoundly changed, though, on August 21st, when Assad’s government gassed to death over a thousand people, including hundreds of children.  The images from this massacre are sickening:  Men, women, children lying in rows, killed by poison gas.  Others foaming at the mouth, gasping for breath.  A father clutching his dead children, imploring them to get up and walk.  On that terrible night, the world saw in gruesome detail the terrible nature of chemical weapons, and why the overwhelming majority of humanity has declared them off-limits -- a crime against humanity, and a violation of the laws of war.
125	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	At my direction, elements of the 82d Airborne Division as well as key units of the United States Air Force are arriving today to take up defensive positions in Saudi Arabia. I took this action to assist the Saudi Arabian Government in the defense of its homeland. No one commits America's Armed Forces to a dangerous mission lightly, but after perhaps unparalleled international consultation and exhausting every alternative, it became necessary to take this action. Let me tell you why. Less than a week ago, in the early morning hours of August 2d, Iraqi Armed Forces, without provocation or warning, invaded a peaceful Kuwait. Facing negligible resistance from its much smaller neighbor, Iraq's tanks stormed in blitzkrieg fashion through Kuwait in a few short hours. With more than 100,000 troops, along with tanks, artillery, and surface-to-surface missiles, Iraq now occupies Kuwait. This aggression came just hours after Saddam Hussein specifically assured numerous countries in the area that there would be no invasion. There is no justification whatsoever for this outrageous and brutal act of aggression. A puppet regime imposed from the outside is unacceptable. The acquisition of territory by force is unacceptable. No one, friend or foe, should doubt our desire for peace; and no one should underestimate our determination to confront aggression.
34	Adjudicated	Optimistic	One of the bills Congress has passed builds on the progress we have made over the last five years. So I signed it into law. (Applause.) Congress has also passed a second bill that attempts to overturn the balanced policy I set. This bill would support the taking of innocent human life in the hope of finding medical benefits for others. It crosses a moral boundary that our decent society needs to respect, so I vetoed it. Like all Americans, I believe our nation must vigorously pursue the tremendous possibility that science offers to cure disease and improve the lives of millions. We have opportunities to discover cures and treatments that were unthinkable generations ago. Some scientists believe that one source of these cures might be embryonic stem cell research. Embryonic stem cells have the ability to grow into specialized adult tissues, and this may give them the potential to replace damaged or defective cells or body parts and treat a variety of diseases.
207	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	"Let me say, too, that I have been heartened by the conduct of this convention. You have argued and disagreed, because as Democrats you care and you care deeply. But you have disagreed and argued without calling each other ""liars"" and ""thieves,"" without despoiling our best traditions -- you have not spoiled our best traditions in any naked struggles for power. And you have written a platform that neither equivocates, contradicts, nor evades. You have restated our Party's record, its principles and its purposes, in language that none can mistake, and with a firm confidence in justice, freedom, and peace on earth that will raise the hearts and the hopes of mankind for that distant day when no -- no one rattles a saber and no one drags a chain."
225	Adjudicated	Optimistic	When I started this campaign a year ago, I was working in a restaurant in downtown Manhattan, and it wasn't because…and we didn't launch this campaign because I thought I was special or unique or better than anyone else. We launched this campaign because in the absence of anyone giving a clear voice on the moral issues of our time, then it is up to us to voice them. We launched this campaign because no one was clearly and authentically talking about issues like the corrupting role of money in politics, about the disturbing human rights violations being committed by ICE, by the fact that we had no one was giving voice to the idea and the notion that an entire generation is graduating with crippling loads of student loan debt, a ticking time bomb for our economy.
459	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	My second purpose today is to provide you with additional information, to share with you what the United States knows about Iraq's weapons of mass destruction as well as Iraq's involvement in terrorism, which is also the subject of Resolution 1441 and other earlier resolutions. I might add at this point that we are providing all relevant information we can to the inspection teams for them to do their work. The material I will present to you comes from a variety of sources. Some are U.S. sources. And some are those of other countries. Some of the sources are technical, such as intercepted telephone conversations and photos taken by satellites. Other sources are people who have risked their lives to let the world know what Saddam Hussein is really up to. I cannot tell you everything that we know. But what I can share with you, when combined with what all of us have learned over the years, is deeply troubling.
138	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Today the eyes of all people are truly upon us—and our governments, in every branch, at every level, national, state and local, must be as a city upon a hill—constructed and inhabited by men aware of their great trust and their great responsibilities. For we are setting out upon a voyage in 1961 no less hazardous than that undertaken by the Arabella in 1630. We are committing ourselves to tasks of statecraft no less awesome than that of governing the Massachusetts Bay Colony, beset as it was then by terror without and disorder within. History will not judge our endeavors—and a government cannot be selected—merely on the basis of color or creed or even party affiliation. Neither will competence and loyalty and stature, while essential to the utmost, suffice in times such as these. For of those to whom much is given, much is required. And when at some future date the high court of history sits in judgment on each one of us—recording whether in our brief span of service we fulfilled our responsibilities to the state—our success or failure, in whatever office we may hold, will be measured by the answers to four questions.
372	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Here lie people—Jews—whose death was inflicted for no reason other than their very existence. Their pain was borne only because of who they were and because of the God in their prayers. Alongside them lay many Christians—Catholics and Protestants. For year after year, until that man and his evil were destroyed, hell yawned forth its awful contents. People were brought here for no other purpose but to suffer and die—to go unfed when hungry, uncared for when sick, tortured when the whim struck, and left to have misery consume them when all there was around them was misery.
14	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I hope that every American, regardless of where he lives, will stop and examine his conscience about this and other related incidents. This Nation was founded by men of many nations and backgrounds. It was founded on the principle that all men are created equal, and that the rights of every man are diminished when the rights of one man are threatened. Today, we are committed to a worldwide struggle to promote and protect the rights of all who wish to be free. But legislation, I repeat, cannot solve this problem alone. It must be solved in the homes of every American in every community across our country. Therefore, I'm asking for your help in making it easier for us to move ahead and to provide the kind of equality of treatment which we would want ourselves; to give a chance for every child to be educated to the limit of his talents.
48	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Hi, I'm senator Tammy Baldwin. When I was nine years old, I got sick, really sick. I was hospitalized, but since my grandparents were the ones raising me and our family's health plan didn’t cover grandkids, they were forced to pay out of pocket for my three-month hospital stay. I got better, but the insurance companies didn’t. They refused to cover me at any cost because I was marked “child with a pre-existing condition.” We all have stories like this, stories about a time when the system was rigged against us, when we were counted out, left out, pushed out. Just think of what we've heard these past four days: health care professionals who don't have the protective gear they need, young people whose asthma will get worse as our air quality does, workers who are afraid of losing their jobs. 
143	Adjudicated	Neutral	"But let us not forget that November 11, 1918, signified a beginning, as well as an end. ""The purpose of all war,"" said Augustine, ""is peace."" The First World War produced man's first great effort in recent times to solve by international cooperation the problems of war. That experiment continues in our present day--still imperfect, still short of its responsibilities, but it does offer a hope that some day nations can live in harmony. For our part, we shall achieve that peace only with patience and perseverance and courage--the patience and perseverance necessary to work with allies of diverse interests but common goals, the courage necessary over a long period of time to overcome an adversary skilled in the arts of harassment and obstruction. There is no way to maintain the frontiers of freedom without cost and commitment and risk. There is no swift and easy path to peace in our generation. No man who witnessed the tragedies of the last war, no man who can imagine the unimaginable possibilities of the next war, can advocate war out of irritability or frustration or impatience."
256	Adjudicated	Optimistic	We see that in many things that life is very great. It is incomparably great in its material aspects, in its body of wealth, in the diversity and sweep of its energy, in the industries which have been conceived and built up by the genius of individual men and the limitless enterprise of groups of men. It is great, also, very great, in its moral force. Nowhere else in the world have noble men and women exhibited in more striking forms the beauty and the energy of sympathy and helpfulness and counsel in their efforts to rectify wrong, alleviate suffering, and set the weak in the way of strength and hope. We have built up, moreover, a great system of government, which has stood through a long age as in many respects a model for those who seek to set liberty upon foundations that will endure against fortuitous change, against storm and accident. Our life contains every great thing, and contains it in rich abundance.
338	Adjudicated	Optimistic	"Your generation is living in one of the most exciting, hopeful times in Soviet history. It is a time when the first breath of freedom stirs the air and the heart beats to the accelerated rhythm of hope, when the accumulated spiritual energies of a long silence yearn to break free. I am reminded of the famous passage near the end of Gogol's ""Dead Souls."" Comparing his nation to a speeding troika, Gogol asks what will be its destination. But he writes, ""There was no answer save the bell pouring forth marvelous sound."" We do not know what the conclusion will be of this journey, but we're hopeful that the promise of reform will be fulfilled. In this Moscow spring, this May 1988, we may be allowed that hope: that freedom, like the fresh green sapling planted over Tolstoy's grave, will blossom forth at last in the rich fertile soil of your people and culture. We may be allowed to hope that the marvelous sound of a new openness will keep rising through, ringing through, leading to a new world of reconciliation, friendship, and peace."
297	Adjudicated	Neutral	"The clear answer to that question has placed me in this hall with you tonight. For my family is more important than my Party. There is but one man to whom I am willing to entrust their future and that man's name is George W. Bush. In the summer of 1940, I was an eight-year-old boy living in a remote little Appalachian valley. Our country was not yet at war, but even we children knew that there were some crazy men across the ocean who would kill us if they could. President Roosevelt, in a speech that summer, told America ""all private plans, all private lives, have been in a sense repealed by an overriding public danger."""
481	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Today I want to talk with you about our Nation's military involvement in Somalia. A year ago, we all watched with horror as Somali children and their families lay dying by the tens of thousands, dying the slow, agonizing death of starvation, a starvation brought on not only by drought, but also by the anarchy that then prevailed in that country. This past weekend we all reacted with anger and horror as an armed Somali gang desecrated the bodies of our American soldiers and displayed a captured American pilot, all of them soldiers who were taking part in an international effort to end the starvation of the Somali people themselves. These tragic events raise hard questions about our effort in Somalia. Why are we still there? What are we trying to accomplish? How did a humanitarian mission turn violent? And when will our people come home?
432	Adjudicated	Optimistic	He is so unapologetic about his beliefs that he has caused me and countless Americans to take a hard look at our own convictions and ask ourselves: what do we stand for, what kind of America do we want to leave for our children? I am more certain than ever before — we want a future where our kids can believe in American greatness. We want a society where every child can live in a safe community and go to a great school of their choice, we want a culture where differences of opinion and debate are encouraged not cancelled, where law enforcement is respected, where our country's rich diversity is celebrated and where people of all backgrounds races, genders, and creeds have the chance to achieve their God-given potential. This is the future my father is working to build each and every day. Building — after all — is what he's done his whole life. He has admired and befriended construction workers on countless job sites but it has been a new and profound experience for him and for me to see these stoic machinists and steel workers come to him with a tear in their eye and thank him for being the only person willing to go to the map for them, for their jobs, for their families, and for their futures. To the hard-working men and women across America and here tonight: you are the reason my father fights with all of his heart and all of his might, you are the reason he ran for president in the first place and you are the reason he is going to keep fighting for four more years — four more years.
20	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	But today, I weep for my country. I have watched the events of recent months with a heavy, heavy heart. No more is the image of America one of strong, yet benevolent peacekeeper. The image of America, Madam President, has changed. Around the globe, our friends mistrust us; our word is disputed; our intentions are questioned. Instead of reasoning with those with whom we disagree, we demand obedience, or threaten recrimination. Instead of isolating Saddam Hussein, we seem to have succeeded in isolating ourselves. We proclaim a new doctrine of preemption which is understood by few and feared by many. We say that the United States has the right to turn its firepower on any corner of the globe which might be suspect in the war on terrorism. We assert that right without the sanction of any international body. As a result, the world has become a much more dangerous place. We flaunt our superpower status with arrogance. We treat UN Security Council members like ingrates who offend our princely dignity by lifting their heads from the carpet. Valuable alliances are split. After the war has ended, the United States will have to rebuild much more than the country of Iraq. We will have to rebuild America's image around the globe.
19	Adjudicated	Neutral	Secretary Gates, the Defense Gates recently described Afghanistan to the U.S. Congress as posing 'our greatest military challenge right now.' As he noted, our fundamental objective in Afghanistan is to ensure that transnational terrorists are not able to reestablish the sanctuaries they enjoyed prior to 9/11. In fact, there has been nothing easy about Afghanistan. And as Senator Lieberman observed recently in a speech to the Brookings institution, 'Reversing Afghanistan’s slide into insecurity will not come quickly, easily, or cheaply.' Similarly, Secretary Gates told Congress, 'this will undoubtedly be a long and difficult fight.' On a related note, given the importance of Afghan solutions and governance being viewed as legitimate by the people and in view of allegations of corruption, such efforts likely should feature support for what might be called an 'Afghan accountability offensive' as well. That will be an important effort.
136	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Many of you, as I said, have lost your homes, and we will worry with you. Please know that together we will all transform despair into hope and show the world the true meaning of determination. Bluntly put, New Orleans and the surrounding parishes may be ravaged but our spirit remains intact. To anyone who even suggests that this great city should not be rebuilt, hear this and hear it well: We will rebuild. Americans rebuilt Washington after the British burned it to the ground. We rebuilt Chicago after the great fire. We rebuilt San Francisco after the earthquake. And we are rebuilding New York City after 9/11. We will rebuild New Orleans and the surrounding parishes, because that is what Americans do. We will drain the water from our neighborhoods. We will clean up the debris and contamination. We will rebuild our levees, roads and bridges and we will recreate our communities. To do this, I've asked the federal government to cover 100 percent of what Louisiana will spend on this disaster -- just as was done after 9/11.
354	Adjudicated	Neutral	Historian John Naughton describes the Internet as an attempt to answer the following question: How do you design a network that is “future proof” -- that can support the applications that today’s inventors have not yet dreamed of? The solution was to devise a network of networks that would not be biased in favor of any particular application. The Internet’s creators didn’t want the network architecture, or any single entity, to pick winners and losers because it might pick the wrong ones. Instead, the Internet’s open architecture pushes decision-making and intelligence to the edge of the network -- to end users, to the cloud, to businesses of every size and in every sector of the economy, to creators and speakers across the country and across the globe. In the words of Tim Berners-Lee, the Internet is a “blank canvas” allowing anyone to contribute and to innovate without permission.
170	Adjudicated	Neutral	My customary policy is to try and get all the facts and to consider the opinions of my countrymen and to take counsel with my most valued friends. But these seldom agree, and in the end, the decision is mine. To procrastinate, to agonize, and to wait for a more favorable turn of events that may never come or more compelling external pressures that may as well be wrong as right, is itself a decision of sorts and a weak and potentially dangerous course for a President to follow. I have promised to uphold the Constitution, to do what is right as God gives me to see the right, and to do the very best that I can for America. I have asked your help and your prayers, not only when I became President but many times since. The Constitution is the supreme law of our land, and it governs our actions as citizens. Only the laws of God, which govern our consciences, are superior to it.
342	Adjudicated	Optimistic	With all the strength and all the good sense I have gained from life, with all the confidence of my family, my friends, and my dedicated staff impart to me, and with the good will of countless Americans I have encountered in recent visits to 40 States, I now solemnly reaffirm my promise I made to you last December 6: To uphold the Constitution; to do what is right as God gives me to see the right; and to do the very best I can for America. God helping me, I will not let you down.
417	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Today has been a day that should make us proud. It marked the end of the successful evacuation of PLO from Beirut, Lebanon. This peaceful step could never have been taken without the good offices of the United States and especially the truly heroic work of a great American diplomat, Ambassador Philip Habib. Thanks to his efforts, I'm happy to announce that the U.S. Marine contingent helping to supervise the evacuation has accomplished its mission. Our young men should be out of Lebanon within 2 weeks. They, too, have served the cause of peace with distinction, and we can all be very proud of them. But the situation in Lebanon is only part of the overall problem of conflict in the Middle East. So, over the past 2 weeks, while events in Beirut dominated the front page, America was engaged in a quiet, behind-the-scenes effort to lay the groundwork for a broader peace in the region. For once there were no premature leaks as U.S. diplomatic missions traveled to Mideast capitals, and I met here at home with a wide range of experts to map out an American peace initiative for the long-suffering peoples of the Middle East—Arab and Israeli alike.
382	Adjudicated	Neutral	No man can fully grasp how far and how fast we have come, but condense, if you will, the 50,000 years of man's recorded history in a time span of but a half-century. Stated in these terms, we know very little about the first 40 years, except at the end of them advanced man had learned to use the skins of animals to cover them. Then about 10 years ago, under this standard, man emerged from his caves to construct other kinds of shelter. Only 5 years ago man learned to write and use a cart with wheels. Christianity began less than 2 years ago. The printing press came this year, and then less than 2 months ago, during this whole 50-year span of human history, the steam engine provided a new source of power.
189	Adjudicated	Optimistic	"We will pray forever that someday that changing will come. But for now, particularly today, it is good and fitting to renew our commitment to each other, to our freedom, and to the alliance that protects it. We're bound today by what bound us 40 years ago, the same loyalties, traditions, and beliefs. We're bound by reality. The strength of America's allies is vital to the United States, and the American security guarantee is essential to the continued freedom of Europe's democracies. We were with you then; we're with you now. Your hopes are our hopes, and your destiny is our destiny. Here, in this place where the West held together, let us make a vow to our dead. Let us show them by our actions that we understand what they died for. Let our actions say to them the words for which Matthew Ridgway listened: ""I will not fail thee nor forsake thee."" Strengthened by their courage and heartened by their value [valor] and borne by their memory, let us continue to stand for the ideals for which they lived and died."
65	Adjudicated	Neutral	That’s our voter base moving forward. At the end of the day we can talk all day on soap boxes; we can complain on Facebook; we can talk around the dinner table but what draws the line in the sand, is us actually going to the ballot box and using our voice. And I want to be a secretary of state that is a campaign for those voices. The other part, of what that secretary of state’s office is business administration – not business administration, business registration. So anybody wanting to do business goes to that office to register their business, ‘cause they can’t get a bank account unless they do. I’ve done a great deal – of business engagement work: helping businesses start, helping them grow – that’s what I’ve done my entire career – that’s the job that pays me money. And so I work with this business and so often I find that they’re one business day from closing their doors indefinitely, because they don’t know the resources that are going to help them grow. Throughout our state fair today you see tons and tons of small businesses. Tons of them. We have over 260 thousand small businesses in our state, providing jobs for about 50% of the workforce. I want to make sure that those businesses not only have an opportunity to start, but that they’re connected to the resources that are going to help them grow.
169	Adjudicated	Optimistic	As I listened to those songs [from the glee club], in memory's eye I could see those staggering columns of the First World War, bending under soggy packs, on many a weary march from dripping dusk to drizzling dawn, slogging ankle-deep through the mire of shell-shocked roads, to form grimly for the attack, blue-lipped, covered with sludge and mud, chilled by the wind and rain, driving home to their objective, and for many, to the judgment seat of  God. I do not know the dignity of their birth, but I do know the glory of their death. They died unquestioning, uncomplaining, with faith in their hearts, and on their lips the hope that we would go on to victory. Always, for them: Duty, Honor, Country; always their blood and sweat and tears, as we sought the way and the light and the truth.
308	Adjudicated	Optimistic	And the truth is our work is not finished by a longshot because the promise of truth and justice is what binds us together. And we know deep inside our hearts and soul that now is not the time to remain silent. I've often said that we are called to be the light of the world and that's exactly what this moment in time needs. All of us has been fighting against what is wrong, what is evil, what is dark, because only light can drive out darkness. So we've done all the work, we've gotten our friends and loved ones to the polls and I've never seen more energy than I've seen today. I want to thank every single one person who worked hard in this election, every single one of you who knocked on doors, who made phone calls, who helped first time candidates get elected, and everyone who stood in very long lines today in the rain to vote.a
243	Adjudicated	Neutral	But let there be no doubt: Iraq is not yet secure, and there will be difficult days ahead. Violence will continue to be a part of life in Iraq. Too many fundamental political questions about Iraq’s future remain unresolved. Too many Iraqis are still displaced or destitute. Declining oil revenues will put an added strain on a government that has had difficulty delivering basic services. Not all of Iraq’s neighbors are contributing to its security. Some are working at times to undermine it. And even as Iraq’s government is on a surer footing, it is not yet a full partner – politically and economically – in the region, or with the international community. In short, today there is a renewed cause for hope in Iraq, but that hope rests upon an emerging foundation.
149	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Together, we must remove the physical barriers we have created and the social barriers that we have accepted. For ours will never be a truly prosperous nation until all within it prosper. For inspiration, we need look no further than our own neighbors. With us in that wonderful crowd out there are people representing 18 of the daily Points of Light that I've named for their extraordinary involvement with the disabled community. We applaud you and your shining example. Thank you for your leadership for all that are here today. Now, let me just tell you a wonderful story, a story about children already working in the spirit of the ADA—a story that really touched me. Across the Nation, some 10,000 youngsters with disabilities are part of Little League's Challenger Division. Their teams play just like others, but—and this is the most remarkable part—as they play, at their sides are volunteer buddies from conventional Little League teams. All of these players work together. They team up to wheel around the bases and to field grounders together and, most of all, just to play and become friends. We must let these children be our guides and inspiration.
439	Adjudicated	Optimistic	100 years ago, today, the 19th Amendment was adopted into the US Constitution, guaranteeing women the right to vote. Because of heroes like Susan B. Anthony and Lucy Stone, women today, like our daughters, Audrey and Charlotte, and future generations, will have their voices heard and their votes count. The women's suffrage movement was the gateway that led to women having the opportunities to achieve monumental milestones and accomplish significant achievements in both civic and governmental roles. This evening, we look at heroes in our land.
114	Adjudicated	Optimistic	So, make no mistake, the road ahead is not easy. We may stumble, we may fall short, but I pledge to you that we will act boldly and deal with our challenges honestly. We will speak truths and we will act with the same faith in you that we ask you to place in us. We believe that our country — all of us — will stand together for a better future and we already are. We see it in the doctors, the nurses, the home health care workers and frontline workers who are risking their lives to save people they've never met. We see it in the teachers and truck drivers, the factory workers and farmers, the postal workers and poll workers, all putting their own safety on the line to help us get through this pandemic. And we see it in so many of you who are working — not just to get us through our current crisis but to somewhere better. There’s something happening all across our country, it’s not about Joe or me, it's about you and it's about us. People of all ages and colors and creeds who are yes, taken to the streets and also persuading our family members, rallying our friends, organizing our neighbors and getting out the vote. And we have shown that when we vote we expand access to health care and expand access to the ballot box and ensure that more working families can make a decent living. And I'm so inspired by a new generation, you, you are pushing us to realize the ideals of our nation, pushing us to live the values we share: decency and fairness, justice and love. You are patriots who remind us that to love our country is to fight for the ideals of our country. In this election, we have a chance to change the course of history. We're all in this fight — you, me and Joe — together. What an awesome responsibility, what an awesome privilege. So, let's fight with conviction, let's fight with hope, let's fight with confidence in ourselves and a commitment to each other, to the America we know is possible, the America we love. And years from now this moment will have passed and our children and our grandchildren will look in our eyes and they're going to ask us where were you when the stakes were so high. They will ask us what was it like and we will tell them. We will tell them not just how we felt, we will tell them what we did. Thank you, God bless you and God bless the United States of America.
482	Adjudicated	Optimistic	You live in a defended island of freedom, but your life is part of the main. So let me ask you, as I close, to lift your eyes beyond the dangers of today, to the hopes of tomorrow, beyond the freedom merely of this city of Berlin, or your country of Germany, to the advance of freedom everywhere, beyond the wall to the day of peace with justice, beyond yourselves and ourselves to all mankind. Freedom is indivisible, and when one man is enslaved, all are not free. When all are free, then we look -- can look forward to that day when this city will be joined as one and this country and this great Continent of Europe in a peaceful and hopeful globe. When that day finally comes, as it will, the people of West Berlin can take sober satisfaction in the fact that they were in the front lines for almost two decades.
329	Adjudicated	Optimistic	What a great night, God is so good all the time. Thank you New Hampshire for the love, the kindness, the support, and a great night here tonight, thank you so much. I want to first say thank you to my husband who I know is watching right now, I love you, we're excited to have you. I want to thank my kids who are here, Rena and Nalin and Josh who have really kind of stepped up and just given me the support I need. You really need to pull on your family when something like this happens and I am incredibly blessed by their support. I have my parents at home and I will always say that the way they raised me to know that we lived in the best country in the world, but to also know that the best way you appreciate your blessings is to give back. Thank you mom and dad. I love you so much.
275	Adjudicated	Optimistic	And together, we will shape a future with a boundless belief and historic investment, with the children at the core of every decision we make. That means affordable child care for families and real pathways of opportunity from cradle to career. Because when all of Georgia’s children have a chance to reach their potential, regardless of their Zip code or their family’s salaries, we can reach our potential as a state — and we will unleash the full power of our people. That is why public education and public schools must remain the beating heart of Georgia. We have to propel our young people towards lives of security and happiness and achievement. But even as I speak here tonight, public education is under assault in our state, with our kids and our educators being told to do more and more with less and less.
466	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I think this is a very hard time to be in the American political arena. I think the country is very factionalized. They call it tribes, I grew up in political life and never heard of tribes I heard of parties, I heard of parties working together, I heard a passing good legislation to integrate this nation, to make people more efficient and productive in their lives, and that was always the politics and the legislation that I understood and participated in. Now, I go to the Senate with 25 years under my belt. When Joe Biden, some 20-plus years ago, asked me if I would be willing to be the first woman on the Senate Judiciary Committee, I said to him Joe I'm not a lawyer and he said that doesn't matter but things here have to change and that was following directly the Anita Hill hearings. Now maybe some of you are too young to remember this, but I happen to have been in an airport and I saw a big group of people around a television set, so I went over to take a look and what did I see, but an all-male Senate Judiciary Committee grilling Anita Hill and it was not nice and it was not what one would like to see. And that was my incentive to run in 1992. It became the year of the woman because both Barbara Boxer and I were elected from California, two women from Washington, and two women from Maine, and we broke the lock on power for women in the Senate of the United States.
74	Adjudicated	Neutral	"First principle is accountability.  Every school has a job to do.  And that's to teach the basics and teach them well.  If we want to make sure no child is left behind, every child must learn to read.  And every child must learn to add and subtract. So in return for federal dollars, we are asking states to design accountability systems to show parents and teachers whether or not children can read and write and add and subtract in grades three through eight. The fundamental principle of this bill is that every child can learn, we expect every child to learn, and you must show us whether or not every child is learning. I read a quote one time from a young lady in New York.  She said, ""I don't ever remember taking an exam.  They just kept passing me along.  I ended up dropping out in the 7th grade.  I basically felt nobody cared."" The story of children being just shuffled through the system is one of the saddest stories of America.  Let's just move them through.  It's so much easier to move a child through than trying to figure out how to solve a child's problems.  The first step to making sure that a child is not shuffled through is to test that child as to whether or not he or she can read and write, or add and subtract."
282	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	But in 2006, the opposite happened. The violence in Iraq -- particularly in Baghdad -- overwhelmed the political gains the Iraqis had made. Al Qaeda terrorists and Sunni insurgents recognized the mortal danger that Iraq's elections posed for their cause, and they responded with outrageous acts of murder aimed at innocent Iraqis. They blew up one of the holiest shrines in Shia Islam -- the Golden Mosque of Samarra -- in a calculated effort to provoke Iraq's Shia population to retaliate. Their strategy worked. Radical Shia elements, some supported by Iran, formed death squads. And the result was a vicious cycle of sectarian violence that continues today. The situation in Iraq is unacceptable to the American people -- and it is unacceptable to me. Our troops in Iraq have fought bravely. They have done everything we have asked them to do. Where mistakes have been made, the responsibility rests with me.
430	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	So, while some progress has been made, we can all agree that we are still so far from achieving that objective of justice for all. Why is that? It’s because too often we have people in positions of power who don’t care about serving the people. They don’t care about actually serving justice. Instead, they are abusing their positions of power and privilege for their own selfish interests. It’s unfortunately become so much a part of the fabric of our society that we barely bat an eye when Wall Street bankers who have cheated, gambled, and lost billions of dollars of OUR money have not served a day in prison, and are actually rewarded with million dollar bonuses. We have big pharmaceutical companies, like Purdue Pharma who cheated and lied to the American people just so they can proliferate their highly addictive opioid drugs on our streets, ruining people’s lives and causing the deaths of tens of thousands of people, yet what happens to them? They walk away, they get a slap on the wrist. Meanwhile, on the other hand, we have nonviolent drug offenders arrested, thrown in prison, shackled with a criminal record that will follow them wherever they go forever. These are just two examples of this fundamentally unjust system that we have. We have mass incarceration that has predominantly impacted poor people and communities of color. People’s lives ruined because of one mistake … while others whose entire careers are built on predatory behavior and the exploitation of the innocent ... are routinely excused. This is not justice. Justice must be blind - true justice does not care how much money you make, or what car you drive, or the color of your skin or what your job is. If it’s not ok to steal, it’s not ok for anyone to steal. It doesn’t suddenly become ok to steal because you stole billions of dollars instead of $100 dollars.
6	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Good evening, I'm Kellyanne Conway. 100 years ago, courageous warriors helped women secure the right to vote. This has been a century worth celebrating but also a reminder that our democracy is young and fragile. For many of us women's empowerment is not a slogan. It comes not from strangers on social media or sanitized language in a corporate handbook; it comes from the everyday heroes who nurture us, who shape us and who believe in us. The promise of America belongs to us all. This is a land of inventors and innovators, of entrepreneurs and educators, of pioneers and parents, each contributing to the success and the future of a great nation and her people.
178	Adjudicated	Optimistic	So, Joe, Dr. Biden, thank you for the trust you've placed in me. Jill, I know you will be an incredible First Lady. And my husband, Doug, and I are so grateful - grateful to become a part of your extended family. And ever since I received Joe's call, I've been thinking — yes, about the first Biden that I really came to know, and that of course is Joe's beloved son, one of his beloved son, Beau. In the midst of the great recession, Beau and I spoke on the phone practically every day — sometimes multiple times a day — working together to win back billions of dollars for homeowners from the big banks of the nation that were foreclosing on people's homes. And let me just tell you about Beau Biden: I learned quickly that Beau was the kind of guy who inspired people to be a better version of themselves. He really was the best of us. And when I would ask him, “Where did you get that? Where did this come from?” he'd always talk about his dad. And I will tell you, the love that they shared was incredible to watch – it was the most beautiful display of the love between a father and a son. And beau talked about how Joe would spend four hours every day riding the rails back and forth from Wilmington to Washington, so he could make breakfast for his kids in the morning and make it home in time to tuck them in bed each night. All of this, so two little boys, who had just lost their mom and their sister in a tragic accident, would know that the world was still turning. And that's how I came to know Joe.
129	Adjudicated	Optimistic	When I sign this bill into law, America will have the lowest marginal tax rates and the most modern tax code among major industrialized nations, one that encourages risk-taking, innovation, and that old American spirit of enterprise. We'll be refueling the American growth economy with the kind of incentives that helped create record new businesses and nearly 11.7 million jobs in just 46 months. Fair and simpler for most Americans, this is a tax code designed to take us into a future of technological invention and economic achievement, one that will keep America competitive and growing into the 21st century. But for all tax reform's economic benefits, I believe that history will record this moment as something more: as the return to the first principles. This country was founded on faith in the individual, not groups or classes, but faith in the resources and bounty of each and every separate human soul. Our Founding Fathers designed a democratic form of government to enlist the individual's energies and fashioned a Bill of Rights to protect its freedoms. And in so doing, they tapped a wellspring of hope and creativity that was to completely transform history.
379	Adjudicated	Optimistic	We entered this war because violations of right had occurred which touched us to the quick and made the life of our own people impossible unless they were corrected and the world secure once for all against their recurrence. What we demand in this war, therefore, is nothing peculiar to ourselves. It is that the world be made fit and safe to live in; and particularly that it be made safe for every peace-loving nation which, like our own, wishes to live its own life, determine its own institutions, be assured of justice and fair dealing by the other peoples of the world as against force and selfish aggression. All the peoples of the world are in effect partners in this interest, and for our own part we see very clearly that unless justice be done to others it will not be done to us. The program of the world's peace, therefore, is our program; and that program, the only possible program, as we see it, is this:
253	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Recently, there has been another very serious development which threatens the maintenance of the peace in Southwest Asia. Massive Soviet military forces have invaded the small, nonaligned, sovereign nation of Afghanistan., which had hitherto not been an occupied satellite of the Soviet Union. Fifty thousand heavily armed Soviet troops have crossed the border and are now dispersed throughout Afghanistan, attempting to conquer the fiercely independent Muslim people of that country.
313	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	I am one of a handful of people living today who have seen firsthand the immense weight and awesome power of the presidency. And let me once again tell you this: The job is hard. It requires clearheaded judgment, a mastery of complex and competing issues, a devotion to facts and history, a moral compass, and an ability to listen — and an abiding belief that each of the 330,000,000 lives in this country has meaning and worth. A president’s words have the power to move markets. They can start wars or broker peace. They can summon our better angels or awaken our worst instincts. You simply cannot fake your way through this job.
471	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Along with Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt. And we’ve been through our battles, Scott. Not with each other, with the world. And now the world is starting to say I think they’re right. (Laughter.) They’ll find out. We have no doubt. But all three of them strongly believe in putting America first, which is what I believe in, which is why I got elected. It’s called Make America Great Again—that’s what we’re doing—Make America Great Again. We’re here today to usher in a new American energy policy—one that unlocks million and millions of jobs and trillions of dollars in wealth. For over 40 years, America was vulnerable to foreign regimes that used energy as an economic weapon. Americans’ quality of life was diminished by the idea that energy resources were too scarce to support our people. We always thought that, and actually at the time it was right to think. We didn’t think we had this tremendous wealth under our feet. Many of us remember the long gas lines and the constant claims that the world was running out of oil and natural gas.
141	Adjudicated	Optimistic	In fidelity and gratitude to a mass people's movement working to establish 21st century social, economic, and human rights, including guaranteed health care, higher education, living wages, and labor rights for all people in the United States. A movement striving to recognize and repair the wounds of racial injustice, colonization, misogyny, and homophobia, and to propose and build reimagined systems of immigration and foreign policy that turn away from the violence and xenophobia of our past. A movement that realizes the unsustainable brutality of an economy that rewards explosive inequalities of wealth for the few at the expense of long-term stability for the many, and who organized an historic, grassroots campaign to reclaim our democracy. In a time when millions of people in the United States are looking for deep systemic solutions to our crises of mass evictions, unemployment, and lack of health care, and espíritu del pueblo and out of a love for all people, I hereby second the nomination of Senator Bernard Sanders of Vermont for president of the United States of America.
484	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	So is immigration. Do we want to round up millions of people who are here working, raising their families, as he has suggested he will do? I don't think so. I think what we want is to bring them out of the shadows so that they can't be exploited by employers like Donald Trump, who refused to hire Americans and hired undocumented workers so he could pay them less. I don't think that's right. Now maybe for some of you, what Donald Trump said about prisoners of war will be enough reason to vote against him, somebody who questioned the patriotism and the service of John McCain because he was a prison of war. We need a Commander in Chief who respects the service and sacrifice of the men and women who wear our uniform.
289	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Good morning, good morning, it's great to be with you. So-so let's just get started, I've only got 20 minutes, I could go on for hours but I've got 20 minutes so here it is; I think we all know this is an inflection moment in the history of our country. This is a moment in time that is requiring us each as individuals and collectively to look in a mirror and ask a question. That question being: who are we? And I think we all know part of the answer to that question is; we are better than this. So this is a moment in time that is requiring us to fight for the best of who we are and fight we will and this is not a new fight for us. We as Americans have always been in the business of fighting for the best of who we are and fighting for our ideals. And I'll tell you I'm a daughter of fighters. My parents met when they were active in the Civil Rights movement in the 1960s. My sister and I, Maya, we’d joke we grew up surrounded by a bunch of adults who spent full time marching and shouting about this thing called justice.
447	Adjudicated	Neutral	Until a decision is announced, you should know this: I regard voting as the most sacred right of free men and women. We have not sacrificed and fought and toiled to protect that right so that now we can sit back and permit a barrier to come between a secret ballot and any citizen who makes a choice to cast it. Nothing—nothing will change that as long as I am in a position to uphold the Constitution of the United States. In the months ahead, our dialog also will include tough and realistic questions about the role of the Federal Government in the black community. I'm not satisfied with its results, and I don't think you are either. And the failures of the past have been particularly hard on the minority poor, because their hopes have failed as surely as the Federal programs that built those hopes. But I must not be the only one who questions about government policies.
335	Adjudicated	Neutral	Now, this was important because I have firmly believed since Desert Shield that it is necessary for the strength of our democracy that the Military and the Press Corps maintain a strong, mutually respectful and enabling relationship. This continues to be problematic for our country, especially during times of war. Now one of the greatest military correspondents of our time -- the award that was just presented is named after him -- Joe Galloway, made me an absolute believer when he joined the 24th infantry division during Desert Storm. That was the first time I met Joe, and he and I have a friendship that dates back to winter in -- of 1990. Now today -- today I will attempt to do two things. First I will give you my assessment of the Military and Press relationship as I see it -- and I hope that you take it for what it is; it is the observation of a military commander that has had extensive Press engagements, both good and bad -- and then I will provide you some of my thoughts on the current state of the war effort.
57	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Our cause is just, and it continues. Our discoveries in Afghanistan confirmed our worst fears, and showed us the true scope of the task ahead. We have seen the depth of our enemies' hatred in videos, where they laugh about the loss of innocent life. And the depth of their hatred is equaled by the madness of the destruction they design. We have found diagrams of American nuclear power plants and public water facilities, detailed instructions for making chemical weapons, surveillance maps of American cities, and thorough descriptions of landmarks in America and throughout the world. What we have found in Afghanistan confirms that, far from ending there, our war against terror is only beginning. Most of the 19 men who hijacked planes on September the 11th were trained in Afghanistan's camps, and so were tens of thousands of others. Thousands of dangerous killers, schooled in the methods of murder, often supported by outlaw regimes, are now spread throughout the world like ticking time bombs, set to go off without warning.
126	Adjudicated	Optimistic	She is amazing let me tell you a little bit about her. Melania is first and foremost a dedicated wife and mother. The first time I met Melania was when she and Donald were deciding who to choose for the vice president, and we joined them for a weekend at their resort in Bedminster. We were having dinner, and Melania looked at me and asked about our three children. Well, I told her with a wink that we have raised three independent thinking children who don't always agree with their father on every issue. I told her we have a lot of great discussions around our dinner table believe me. But you know what? She looked at me with her warm smile and she said I like that you're teaching them to think for themselves, I like that. And I knew right then that I was really going to like Melania. I have so enjoyed getting to know Melania during these last several months. You know, as the spouse of the candidate, it isn't always easy to have your husband out on the campaign trail with a very grueling schedule or to face the barrage of attacks, but I can tell you one thing about Melania Trump: she is strong. she also, she is so strong, she also is very accomplished, working her way up through the fashion and modeling industry and immigrating to America from her native Slovenia. Her love for America is boundless, just like her husband's. She is going to be America's next great First Lady, and I know that America will fall in love with her just as much as she loves the American people. Ladies and gentlemen, it is my great privilege to introduce to you the next First Lady of the United States of America, Melania Trump.
183	Adjudicated	Optimistic	And Iowans did what you expect Iowans to do. They helped each other. They took care of each other. And they still are. But someone else also had our back: Our president. When the winds had finished raging and the cleanup had only begun, he showed up. Now, you might not know that because the national media didn’t report it. But the Trump Administration was here in full force. The day after the storm, the President called to assure me that we had the full backing of the federal government. And later that week, Vice President Pence came to Iowa to again, assure us that the President and his administration were behind us. With the help of the Trump Administration, we quickly received a major disaster declaration that will help Iowans get back on their feet. The President, he cut through the bureaucracy to do what needed to be done, and to do it quickly.
449	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Well, you're not alone in feeling his presence. Presidents know about this, too. You've heard many times that during the first year of his Presidency, John F. Kennedy said to a group of Nobel laureates in the State Dining Room of the White House that there had not been such a collection of talent in that place since Jefferson dined there alone. [Laughter] And directly down the lawn and across the Ellipse from the White House are those ordered, classic lines of the Jefferson Memorial and the eyes of the 19-foot statue that gaze directly into the White House, a reminder to any of us who might occupy that mansion of the quality of mind and generosity of heart that once abided there and has been so rarely seen there again. But it's not just students and Presidents, it is every American -- indeed, every human life ever touched by the daring idea of self-government -- that Mr. Jefferson has influenced. Yes, Mr. Jefferson was obliged to admit all previous attempts at popular government had proven themselves failures. But he believed that here on this continent, as one of his commentators put it, ``here was virgin soil, an abundance of land, no degrading poverty, a brave and intelligent people which had just vindicated its title to independence after a long struggle with the mightiest of European powers.''
53	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I want to express my appreciation to the President and to the Fellows of this University for the honor that they have bestowed upon me. My wife beat me to this honor by about 8 or 9 years. It took her 2 years to get this degree and it took me 2 minutes, but in any case we are both grateful. I am also glad to be here because this University bears the distinguished name of the father of our country, George Washington. It is a matter of great interest that there has been an intimate relationship between the great political leaders of our country and our colleges and universities.
230	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	But you all know I did not run to be a first. I ran because I came to this country. I heard of its promises. And when I looked around this district to see many who have never known the bounty of the American promise, the promise of life liberty and the pursuit of happiness. This country is supposed to be the land where people have the tools necessary to lead a life that is prosperous. Yet indigenous people, promised homes, are living in tents like refugees in their own land. Millennials, promised the American Dream if they study hard, enough only to find that dream deferred by the harsh realities of our economy. Immigrants, promised the land of opportunity, are too often met with bigotry and hate.
452	Adjudicated	Optimistic	"Foreign policy is ultimately about security -- about defending our people, our society, and our values, such as freedom, tolerance, openness, and diversity. No place evokes these values better than American's cities. Here in New York, about a third of the population was born abroad. Across the street from here is St. Bartholomew's Protestant church. Go three blocks to the east from here and there is the Sutton Place Synagogue. Go a couple of blocks to the west, and you'll come to St. Patrick's Cathedral. Over the bridge in Queens, you'll find a Hindu temple. Go uptown a few blocks from where we are and you will come to the Manhattan Won Buddhist Temple on East 57th. And if you keep going north you will run into the Islamic Cultural Center on East 96th. If you go further up and into the Bronx you will come to a neighborhood that used to be called ""Banana Kelly"" because it was a mix of immigrants from the Caribbean and from Ireland. And there, a Jamaican-American family raised the boy who grew up to become Secretary of State."
248	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	"The same Republicans who are talking about the crisis of unemployment have nominated a man who once said, and I quote, ""Unemployment insurance is a prepaid vacation plan for freeloaders."" And that nominee is no friend of labor. The same Republicans who are talking about the problems of the inner cities have nominated a man who said, and I quote, ""I have included in my morning and evening prayers every day the prayer that the Federal Government not bail out New York."" And that nominee is no friend of this city and our great urban centers across this nation."
116	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	All Americans were rightly sickened and revolted by the brutal death of George Floyd. My administration is fully committed that, for George and his family, justice will be served.  He will not have died in vain. But we cannot allow the righteous cries and peaceful protesters to be drowned out by an angry mob. The biggest victims of the rioting are peace-loving citizens in our poorest communities, and as their President, I will fight to keep them safe. I will fight to protect you.  I am your President of law and order, and an ally of all peaceful protesters. But in recent days, our nation has been gripped by professional anarchists, violent mobs, arsonists, looters, criminals, rioters, Antifa, and others. A number of state and local governments have failed to take necessary action to safeguard their residence. Innocent people have been savagely beaten, like the young man in Dallas, Texas, who was left dying on the street, or the woman in Upstate New York viciously attacked by dangerous thugs. Small-business owners have seen their dreams utterly destroyed. New York’s Finest have been hit in the face with bricks. Brave nurses, who have battled the virus, are afraid to leave their homes. A police precinct station has been overrun.  Here in the nation’s capital, the Lincoln Memorial and the World War Two Memorial have been vandalized. One of our most historic churches was set ablaze. A federal officer in California, an African American enforcement hero, was shot and killed.
51	Adjudicated	Optimistic	But tonight, I want to talk to you about another kind of hero, the kind Democrats don't recognize because they don’t fit into their narrative, I'm talking about the heroes of our law enforcement and armed services. Leftists try to turn them into villains, they want to cancel them, but I'm here to tell you these heroes can't be canceled. Tennessee is full of them, after all we're the volunteer state. My dad served in the Army in World War II, when he came home, he put on another uniform and for 30 years volunteered to help our underfunded sheriff's department. I'm reminded of him whenever I see compassion and selflessness in others. When I see law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every single day to keep our communities safe in spite of the hatred thrown at them. When I see the heroes who volunteer to serve our country, putting their lives on the line for our freedom. Many of these heroes call Tennessee home and we could not be more proud of the brave men and women of the 101st Airborne Division at Fort Campbell the common thread between them is a deep-seeded desire to serve a cause larger than themselves. They don't believe their country owes them anything, they believe they owe their country and their fellow man. As hard as Democrats try, they can't cancel our heroes, they can’t contest their bravery and they can't dismiss the powerful sense of service that lives deep in their souls. So, they tried to defund them —our military, our police, even ICE — to take away their tools to keep us safe.
236	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Baghdadi and the losers who worked with him – in some cases people who had no idea what they were getting into and how dangerous and unglamorous it was – killed many people.  Their murder of innocent Americans Jim Foley, Steven Sotloff, Peter Kassig, and Kayla Mueller were especially heinous.  The shocking publicized murder of a Jordanian pilot who was burned alive in a cage for all to see, and the execution of Christians in Libya and Egypt, as well as the genocidal mass murder of Yazidis, rank ISIS among the most depraved organizations in history. The forced religious conversions, the orange suits prior to many beheadings, all of which were openly displayed for the world – this was all Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi’s work.  He was vicious and violent, and he died in a vicious and violent way, as a coward, running and crying.  This raid was impeccable, and could only have taken place with the acknowledgement and help of certain other nations and people.
488	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	In other words, they consent, no matter what happens, to submit every matter of difference between them to the judgment of mankind, and just so certainly as they do that, my fellow citizens, war will be in the far background, war will be pushed out of that foreground of terror in which it has kept the world for generation after generation, and men will know that there will be a calm time of deliberate counsel. The most dangerous thing for a bad cause is to expose it to the opinion of the world. The most certain way that you can prove that a man is mistaken is by letting all his neighbors know what he thinks, by letting all his neighbors know what he thinks, by letting all his neighbors discuss what he thinks, and if he is in the wrong you will notice that he will stay at home, he will not walk on the street. He will be afraid of the eyes of his neighbors. He will be afraid of their judgment of his character. He will know that his cause is lost unless he can sustain it by the arguments of right and of justice. The same law that applies to individuals applies to nations.
284	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	We read of killing one hundred thousand men in a day. We read about it and we rejoiced in it -- if it was the other fellows who were killed. We were fed on flesh and drank blood. Even down to the prattling babe. I need not tell you how many upright, honorable young boys have come into this court charged with murder, some saved and some sent to their death, boys who fought in this war and learned to place a cheap value on human life. You know it and I know it. These boys were brought up in it. The tales of death were in their homes, their playgrounds, their schools; they were in the newspapers that they read; it was a part of the common frenzy -- what was a life? It was nothing. It was the least sacred thing in existence and these boys were trained to this cruelty.
208	Adjudicated	Optimistic	So, let's stand up for our children, our children's children and for this great democracy that our ancestors work to build and let's vote and let's organize to get others to vote with us. You can help make this happen by texting “vote” to 303-30. We know how important it is that we elect real leaders like Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. People of honor and integrity who hold justice close to their hearts and believe that the lives of my four black children matter. In the words of womanist poet, Audre Lorde, “Your silence will not protect you.” Congressman Lewis would not be silenced and neither can we. We cannot wait for some other time, some other place, some other heroes. We must be the heroes of our generation because we too are America. Our votes can be our voice.
161	Adjudicated	Optimistic	And my friends I want to give a special thanks to my friend and colleague senator Amy Klobuchar. You know, you know in the senate you refer to everyone as a friend, but Amy has been my true friend for over 20 years and a wonderful partner in the Senate these last 10 months. And tonight, we made history. Amy was the first woman to be elected senator from Minnesota, and tonight you have made it two. Minnesota is now one of four states represented by two women senators. Now, Minnesota knows that no senator does a better job than Amy at listening, at working across the aisle and then getting it done for Minnesota and our country. She is strong, compassionate, practical, smart, funny, and that makes her one of the most effective, the most effective senators in this country. I am so grateful for Amy’s service and Amy I cannot wait to get back to work with you in Washington.
258	Adjudicated	Optimistic	It is wonderful to be on this college campus, and to see so many young people here, as Maggie and Elizabeth and I were walking out to his -- the stage, a lot of people were hanging out of the windows. We are glad that you have got the best view of what we're doing here. It is also exciting to be here with two weeks left, because this is the most consequential election of our lifetimes. To see the energy and enthusiasm that this crowd displays, I saw it yesterday in North Carolina and the day before in Ohio. It really does demonstrate that Americans are looking out what is at stake and are coming to the conclusion that we all have to be involved. Involved in the remaining days of the campaign, and then everyone needs to turn out to vote. Here in New Hampshire, you have a lot of reasons to vote. You've got great candidates for the congress. Annie Custer and Carol shear-porter, who deserve your support. You have a great candidate for governor. Colin van Ostren, thank you. I know that Maggie at Elizabeth and I -- and Elizabeth and I have been out here, but I am hoping you will let people know what is at stake in the governor's race and sending these extraordinary women to the house.
448	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	For years, I’ve worked closely with the president for farmers in Iowa and across the country. We scrapped Obama and Biden’s punishing Waters of the United States rule, which would have regulated about 97 percent of land in Iowa — in some cases, even puddles. It would have been a nightmare for farmers. The president delivered on major trade deals with Japan and the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement. And, he implemented the sale of E15 fuel year-round. That means more choices for you at the pump, and more jobs for farmers in the heartland. This is something the Obama-Biden administration failed to do in eight years. In fact, I can’t recall an administration more hostile to farmers than Obama-Biden, unless you count the Biden-Harris ticket.
91	Adjudicated	Optimistic	This is a beginning, because the message that we sent the world tonight is that it’s not okay to put donors before your community. The message that we sent tonight is that improved and expanded Medicare for all, healthcare for every single person in America is what we deserve as a nation. What we’ve proved tonight is sometimes the deep midnight and darkness that it feels in our political environment, that there is still hope for this nation. That is what you have given every person in this country. You have given this country hope. You have given this country proof that when you knock on your neighbor's door, when you come to them with love, when you let them know that no matter your stance you are there for them, that we can make change. What you have shown is that this nation is never beyond remedy. It is never beyond hope. It is never too broken to fix. We will be here and we are going to rock the world for the next two years. Every person in this room is responsible for change and we cannot finish it right now. This is the beginning. We have to dedicate ourselves each and every single day to this fight, because I can't do it alone.
332	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	This conference is not just about the Duke lacrosse case. It's about a kind of event that has taken on a central place in modern American culture: the legal case that creates a national community of attention, the case the public consumes every “fact” of with endless appetite for more. Cases like this typically combine elements of scandal, and celebrity, and other highly volatile social ingredients, race and sex perhaps chief among them. And having become one of America’s principal forms of shared public life, these cases highlight crucial problems of our culture -- problems of achieving justice in a media-saturated society, problems of fundamental fairness to individuals, and problems in the way the American public is informed and misinformed about the world we live in together.
226	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Some celebrate Christmas as the birthday of a great and good philosopher and teacher. Others of us believe in the divinity of the child born in Bethlehem, that he was and is the promised Prince of Peace. Yes, we've questioned why he who could perform miracles chose to come among us as a helpless babe, but maybe that was his first miracle, his first great lesson that we should learn to care for one another. Tonight, in millions of American homes, the glow of the Christmas tree is a reflection of the love Jesus taught us. Like the shepherds and wise men of that first Christmas, we Americans have always tried to follow a higher light, a star, if you will. At lonely campfire vigils along the frontier, in the darkest days of the Great Depression, through war and peace, the twin beacons of faith and freedom have brightened the American sky. At times our footsteps may have faltered, but trusting in God's help, we've never lost our way.
496	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Ten days ago I had planned to speak to you again about a very important subject—energy. For the fifth time I would have described the urgency of the problem and laid out a series of legislative recommendations to the Congress. But as I was preparing to speak, I began to ask myself the same question that I now know has been troubling many of you. Why have we not been able to get together as a nation to resolve our serious energy problem?
467	Adjudicated	Optimistic	This is not a fireside chat on war. It is a talk on national security; because the nub of the whole purpose of your President is to keep you now, and your children later, and your grandchildren much later, out of a last-ditch war for the preservation of American independence, and all of the things that American independence means to you and to me and to ours. Tonight, in the presence of a world crisis, my mind goes back eight years to a night in the midst of a domestic crisis. It was a time when the wheels of American industry were grinding to a full stop, when the whole banking system of our country had ceased to function. I well remember that while I sat in my study in the White House, preparing to talk with the people of the United States, I had before my eyes the picture of all those Americans with whom I was talking. I saw the workmen in the mills, the mines, the factories, the girl behind the counter, the small shopkeeper, the farmer doing his spring plowing, the widows and the old men wondering about their life's savings. I tried to convey to the great mass of American people what the banking crisis meant to them in their daily lives.
85	Adjudicated	Optimistic	"We as public servants must set an example for the rest of the nation. It is hypocritical for the public official to admonish and exhort the people to uphold the common good if we are derelict in upholding the common good. More is required -- More is required of public officials than slogans and handshakes and press releases. More is required. We must hold ourselves strictly accountable. We must provide the people with a vision of the future. If we promise as public officials, we must deliver. If -- If we as public officials propose, we must produce. If we say to the American people, ""It is time for you to be sacrificial"" -- sacrifice. If the public official says that, we [public officials] must be the first to give. We must be. And again, if we make mistakes, we must be willing to admit them. We have to do that. What we have to do is strike a balance between the idea that government should do everything and the idea, the belief, that government ought to do nothing. Strike a balance. Let there be no illusions about the difficulty of forming this kind of a national community. It's tough, difficult, not easy. But a spirit of harmony will survive in America only if each of us remembers that we share a common destiny; if each of us remembers, when self-interest and bitterness seem to prevail, that we share a common destiny. I have confidence that we can form this kind of national community. I have confidence that the Democratic Party can lead the way. I have that confidence. We cannot improve on the system of government handed down to us by the founders of the Republic. There is no way to improve upon that. But what we can do is to find new ways to implement that system and realize our destiny."
387	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	An example of that vocal superiority is evident in a controversy now going on in Washington. And since I'm involved, I've been waiting to hear from the parents of young America. How far are they willing to go in giving to government their prerogatives as parents? Let me state the case as briefly and simply as I can. An organization of citizens, sincerely motivated and deeply concerned about the increase in illegitimate births and abortions involving girls well below the age of consent, sometime ago established a nationwide network of clinics to offer help to these girls and, hopefully, alleviate this situation. Now, again, let me say, I do not fault their intent. However, in their well-intentioned effort, these clinics have decided to provide advice and birth control drugs and devices to underage girls without the knowledge of their parents.
397	Adjudicated	Optimistic	"Yet, no doubt one of the most beautiful things -- as her eldest daughter and I discussed -- when you witness love and being loved the way we have by each our respectable mothers, you almost feel like you don't have the right to ask them to stay a day longer, when they are now in the arms of He who loved her most. For it is not fair to rob someone of that. Because if she was here, we'd still be on the receiving end. But from a chair, and quietly silent, the reflection -- and I know He reached down caressing her, and saying, ""I'm here all the while."" Sometimes just the human being needs simply that."
202	Adjudicated	Neutral	"We the people, in order to form a more perfect union."" Two hundred and twenty one years ago, in a hall that still stands across the street, a group of men gathered and, with these simple words, launched America's improbable experiment in democracy. Farmers and scholars, statesmen and patriots who had traveled across the ocean to escape tyranny and persecution finally made real their Declaration of Independence at a Philadelphia convention that lasted through the spring of 1787. The document they produced was eventually signed, but ultimately unfinished. It was stained by this nation's original sin of slavery, a question that divided the colonies and brought the convention to a stalemate until the founders chose to allow the slave trade to continue for at least 20 more years, and to leave any final resolution to future generations. Of course, the answer to the slavery question was already embedded within our Constitution -- a Constitution that had at is very core the ideal of equal citizenship under the law; a Constitution that promised its people liberty and justice, and a union that could be and should be perfected over time."
152	Adjudicated	Optimistic	AS YOU KNOW, I CAME FROM VERY HUMBLE BEGINNINGS, AND I OFTEN FOUND MYSELF AT A DISADVANTAGE. AND FOR THE LONGEST TIME, I LET THAT GET ME DOWN. I LET MY ANGER AND MY STUBBORNNESS TAKEOVER UNTIL ONE DAY, I ASKED GOD TO TAKE AWAY THAT SIDE OF ME AND I VERY CLEARLY HEARD IN RESPONSE, I GAVE IT TO YOU FOR A REASON AND YOU ARE NOT USING IT THE CORRECT WAY. YOU ARE NOT USING IT THE WAY IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE USED AND FROM THEN ON, I CHALLENGED MYSELF AND AIMED MY STUBBORNNESS AT A GREATER PURPOSE. THINGS DIDN'T GET ANY EASIER. I STILL STRUGGLED, BUT EVERY TIME I STRUGGLED, I GREW STRONGER AND I LEARNED FROM IT. I USED THAT STUBBORNNESS TO LEAD A DEPARTMENT BACK TO ITS HUMANITY AND TO STAND STRONG BEFORE THE PUBLIC. AND EVEN THOUGH SOMETIMES I CAME HOME AND FELL TO MY KNEES, THERE WAS ALWAYS THE VOICE THAT SAID THIS, THIS IS WHY YOUR STUBBORNNESS WAS MADE. MY STUBBORNNESS BECAME PERSISTENCE AND MY HARDSHIP TURNED ME INTO A PERSON READY TO TAKE ON ANY CHALLENGE. FIGHTING THIS CHALLENGE FOR THE PEOPLE OF TEXAS HAS BEEN THE GREATEST HONOR OF MY LIFE.
285	Adjudicated	Optimistic	A great people has been moved to defend a great nation. Terrorist attacks can shake the foundations of our biggest buildings, but they cannot touch the foundation of America. These acts shatter steel, but they cannot dent the steel of American resolve. America was targeted for attack because we're the brightest beacon for freedom and opportunity in the world. And no one will keep that light from shining. Today, our nation saw evil -- the very worst of human nature -- and we responded with the best of America. With the daring of our rescue workers, with the caring for strangers and neighbors who came to give blood and help in any way they could.
318	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I realize that in speaking in behalf of the minority report on civil rights as presented by Congressman DeMiller of Wisconsin that I'm dealing with a charged issue -- with an issue which has been confused by emotionalism on all sides of the fence. I realize that there are here today friends and colleagues of mine, many of them, who feel just as deeply and keenly as I do about this issue and who are yet in complete disagreement with me. My respect and admiration for these men and their views was great when I came to this convention. It is now far greater because of the sincerity, the courtesy, and the forthrightness with which many of them have argued in our prolonged discussions in the platform committee.
222	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	I just visited the grounds of Valley Forge. I’ve been there a number of times from the time I was a Boy Scout years ago. You know, it’s the very site that I think every American should visit because it tells the story of the pain and the suffering and the true patriotism it took to make America. Today, we gather in a new year, some 246 years later, just one day before January 6th, a day forever shared in our memory because it was on that day that we nearly lost America — lost it all.  
470	Adjudicated	Neutral	We are in a transitional period right now -- We are in a transitional period right now, fascinating and exhilarating times, learning to adjust to changes and the choices we, men and women, are facing. As an example, I remember what a friend said, on hearing her husband complain to his buddies that he had to babysit. Quickly setting him straight, my friend told her husband that when it's your own kids, it's not called babysitting. Now maybe we should adjust faster; maybe we should adjust slower. But whatever the era twenty -- whatever the era, whatever the times, one thing will never change: fathers and mothers, if you have children, they must come first. You must read to your children, and you must hug your children, and you must love your children. Your success as a family, our success as a society, depends not on what happens in the White House, but on what happens inside your house.
327	Adjudicated	Neutral	In the meantime, let me just say this: I stated during the campaign and I repeat now, I will not stand by and see those of you who are dependent on social security deprived of the benefits you've worked so hard to earn. I make that pledge to you as your President. You have no reason to be frightened. You will continue to receive your checks in the full amount due you. In any plan to restore fiscal integrity of social security, I personally will see that the plan will not be at the expense of you who are now dependent on your monthly social security checks.
422	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	In Lebanon, we have some 1,600 marines, part of a multinational force that's trying to help the people of Lebanon restore order and stability to that troubled land. Our marines are assigned to the south of the city of Beirut, near the only airport operating in Lebanon. Just a mile or so to the north is the Italian contingent and not far from them, the French and a company of British soldiers. This past Sunday, at 22 minutes after 6 Beirut time, with dawn just breaking, a truck, looking like a lot of other vehicles in the city, approached the airport on a busy, main road. There was nothing in its appearance to suggest it was any different than the trucks or cars that were normally seen on and around the airport. But this one was different. At the wheel was a young man on a suicide mission.
445	Adjudicated	Neutral	To the people of India, and Indian Americans all across the United States, I want to wish you a happy Indian Independence Day. On August 15, 1947, men and women all over India, rejoiced in the declaration of the independence of the country of India. Today, on August 15, 2020, I stand before you, as the first candidate for vice president of the United States, o f South Asian descent. When my mother, Shyamala, stepped off the plane in California at 19 years old, she did not have much in the way of belongings – but she carried with her lessons from back home. Including ones she learned from her parents, my grandmother, Rajam, and her father and my grandfather, P.V. Gopalan. They taught her that, when you see injustice in the world, you have an obligation to do something about it. Which is what inspired my mother, to march and shout on the streets of Oakland, at the height of the civil rights movement. A movement whose leaders, including Dr Martin Luther King Jr., were themselves inspired by the nonviolent activism of Mahatma Gandhi. And it was during those protests that my mother met my father – and the rest as they say, is history.
203	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	We are the only democracy—the only advanced democracy on Earth—the only wealthy nation that allows such hardship for millions of its people. There are now more than 30 million American citizens who cannot get coverage. In just a 2-year period, one in every three Americans goes without health care coverage at some point. And every day, 14,000 Americans lose their coverage. In other words, it can happen to anyone. But the problem that plagues the health care system is not just a problem for the uninsured. Those who do have insurance have never had less security and stability than they do today. More and more Americans worry that if you move, lose your job, or change your job, you'll lose your health insurance too. More and more Americans pay their premiums only to discover that their insurance company has dropped their coverage when they get sick or won't pay the full cost of care. It happens every day.
217	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	What is unreasonable is that we have Iowans in rural Iowa driving ninety miles to go seek care. What is unreasonable is that we've got urban Iowans living right next door to the hospital and still can't get the care that they need. What is unreasonable is that we were facing a mental health crisis that was even more burdensome considering what COVID dealt to us, yet we still aren't getting the resources we need to take care of the mental health of Iowans across this state. That is what's unreasonable. It's a reasonable request, to ensure that our students in high school, middle school, and elementary get access to a quality education – that's not only going to ensure that they're good Iowans, but it's going to ensure that they're prepared for either college or a job after they graduate. That's a reasonable request folks.
159	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	I declined the invitation to go out socially with him and explained to him that I thought it would jeopardize at what -- at -- at the time I considered to be a very good working relationship. I had a normal social life with other men outside of the office. I believed then, as now, that having a social relationship with a person who was supervising my work would be ill-advised. I was very uncomfortable with the idea and told him so. I thought that by saying no and explaining my reasons my employer would abandon his social suggestions. However, to my regret, in the following few weeks, he continued to ask me out on several occasions. He pressed me to justify my reasons for saying no to him. These incidents took place in his office or mine. They were in the form of private conversations which not -- would not have been overheard by anyone else.
98	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Two years ago, COVID had shut down our businesses, closed our schools, and robbed us of so much. Today, COVID no longer controls our lives. And two years ago, our democracy faced its greatest threat since the Civil War. Today, though bruised, our democracy remains unbowed and unbroken.
156	Adjudicated	Neutral	"I'm sure you've heard that ""we're proposing the largest single tax increase in history."" The truth is, we're proposing nothing of the kind. And then there's the one that ""our economic recovery program has failed, so I've abandoned it and turned to increasing taxes instead of trying to reduce Federal spending."" Well, don't you believe that one either. Yes, there is a tax bill before the Congress tied to a program of further cuts in spending. It is not, however, the ""greatest single tax increase in history."" Possibly it could be called the greatest tax reform in history, but it absolutely does not represent any reversal of policy or philosophy on the part of this administration or this President."
368	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	And yet our distress comes from no failure of substance. We are stricken by no plague of locusts. Compared with the perils which our forefathers conquered, because they believed and were not afraid, we have still much to be thankful for. Nature still offers her bounty and human efforts have multiplied it. Plenty is at our doorstep, but a generous use of it languishes in the very sight of the supply. Primarily, this is because the rulers of the exchange of mankind's goods have failed, through their own stubbornness and their own incompetence, have admitted their failure, and have abdicated. Practices of the unscrupulous money changers stand indicted in the court of public opinion, rejected by the hearts and minds of men.
276	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I KNOW A LOT ABOUT LAW ENFORCEMENT ARE HERE TONIGHT AND THEY HAVE BEEN SO SUPPORTIVE OF ME. I THANK THEM FOR THE FRATERNAL ORDER OF POLICE ENDORSEMENT. THEY REMIND ME REGULARLY IF WE DO NOT SECURE THAT SOUTHERN BORDER, IT TURNS EVERY STATE INTO A BORDER STATE. EVERY TOWN INTO A BORDER TOWN. YOU HAVE MY COMMITMENT ON THAT. WE WANT TO MAKE CERTAIN YOU KNOW WE ARE GOING TO CONTINUE TO WORK EVERY DAY. I GET UP EVERY DAY AND I FIGHT FOR THE BIG FIVE, FAITH, FAMILY, FREEDOM, HOPE AND OPPORTUNITY. I HAVE ASKED YOU THROUGH THIS CAMPAIGN TO STAND WITH ME. TONIGHT IS NO DIFFERENT. I ASK THAT YOU STAND WITH ME AS WE WORK ON THESE ISSUES FOR OUR STATE, FOR OUR NATION. WE KNOW WE ARE GOING TO BE GOING TO WORK EARLY TOMORROW ON THESE ISSUES. THE TRANSITION BEGINS. I LOOK FORWARD TO BEING YOUR SENATOR. GOD BLESS TENNESSEE. GOD BLESS THE UNITED STATES. THANK YOU.
150	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Trump and Biden both put our country trillions of dollars deeper in debt and our kids will never forgive them for it. Trump and Biden both lack of vision for our country’s future because both are consumed by the past, by investigations, by vendettas, by grievances. America deserves better. We deserve a new direction under new conservative leadership. We deserve a president who will focus on the needs of our people, not on themselves. A president who will rebuild our economy, close our border, and stand up to our enemies. Most importantly, we deserve a president who will stop our self-loathing in division and fear and make America strong and proud. Our campaign is the last best hope of stopping the Trump-Biden nightmare. But it’s more than that. Republicans have lost the popular vote in seven of the last eight presidential elections. That’s nothing to be proud of. We should want to earn the support of a majority of Americans. All the evidence says that if it’s a Trump-Biden rematch, it’s going to be another toss-up election. It could go either way. We could have more disputes over election interference and Joe Biden could win again with Kamala Harris waiting in the wings.
428	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Ladies and gentlemen, these people set -- they opened the doors, they gave us the right, and today, ladies and gentlemen, in our cities and public schools we have 50% drop out. In our own neighborhood, we have men in prison. No longer is a person embarrassed because they’re pregnant without a husband. No longer is a boy considered an embarrassment if he tries to run away from being the father of the unmarried child. Ladies and gentlemen, the lower economic and lower middle economic people are not holding their end in this deal. In the neighborhood that most of us grew up in, parenting is not going on. In the old days, you couldn’t hooky school because every drawn shade was an eye. And before your mother got off the bus and to the house, she knew exactly where you had gone, who had gone into the house, and where you got on whatever you had one and where you got it from. Parents don’t know that today.
346	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Four years ago, when President Obama and Vice President Biden were in the White House, they made us proud and their leadership made our country great. In that spirit we come together now, not to decry the darkness but to light a way forward for our country. That is the guiding purpose of House Democrats fighting for the people. We have sent the Senate bills for lower health care costs, for bigger paychecks, for cleaner government, protecting John Lewis’s voting rights, and enacting George Floyd Justice and Policing Act. We've sent the Senate bills to protect our Dreamers, LGBTQ equality, to prevent gun violence and to preserve our planet for future generations and even more. All of this is possible for America, who was standing in the way? Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump. Our nation faces the worst health and economic catastrophe in our history. More than 5 million Americans are infected by the coronavirus, over 170,000 have died. The science-based action the Heroes Act we enacted three months ago is essential to safeguard lives, livelihood, and the life of our democracy. And who is standing in the way? Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump. Instead of crushing the virus, they're trying to crush the Affordable Care Act and its pre-existing conditions benefit.
286	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	This is not a distant threat. It is a present danger. The rate of infection is increasing fastest among women and children. Largely unknown a decade ago, AIDS is the third leading killer of young adult Americans today. But it won’t be third for long, because unlike other diseases, this one travels. Adolescents don’t give each other cancer or heart disease because they believe they are in love, but HIV is different; and we have helped it along. We have killed each other with our ignorance, our prejudice, and our silence. We may take refuge in our stereotypes, but we cannot hide there long, because HIV asks only one thing of those it attacks: Are you human? And this is the right question. Are you human? Because people with HIV have not entered some alien state of being. They are human. They have not earned cruelty, and they do not deserve meanness. They don’t benefit from being isolated or treated as outcasts. Each of them is exactly what God made: a person; not evil, deserving of our judgment; not victims, longing for our pity -- people, ready for support and worthy of compassion.
331	Adjudicated	Neutral	The first element of this individual liberty is the freedom of speech: the right to express and communicate ideas, to set oneself apart from the dumb beasts of field and forest; the right to recall governments to their duties and to their  obligations; above all, the right to affirm one's membership and allegiance to the body politic -- to society -- to the men with whom we share our land, our heritage, and our children's future. Hand in hand with freedom of speech goes the power to be heard, to share in the decisions of government which shape men's lives. Everything that makes man's life worthwhile -- family, work, education, a place to rear one's children and a place to rest one's head -- all this depends on the decisions of government; all can be swept away by a government which does not heed the demands of its people, and I mean all of its people. Therefore, the essential humanity of man can be protected and preserved only where government must answer -- not just to the wealthy, not just to those of a particular religion, not just to those of a particular race, but to all of the people.
437	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	So here’s the deal. I went to Washington and I tried to talk to everybody I could about this idea. And they told me two things. Almost everyone I talked to said the same two things. First: That is a great idea. You could make a real difference. That’s structural change, yes! And the second thing was don’t even try. Big money, the big banks, they will fight you. The Republicans will fight you. A bunch of the Democrats will fight you. You will never get this done. I get it: Big, structural change is hard. But it was the right thing to do. So we took on Wall Street, we took on the big money, and we won. And that little consumer agency has now forced the big banks to return more than $12B directly to people they cheated.We know how to make government work for the people.
212	Adjudicated	Optimistic	This legislation will lead to healthier lives, more liberty to pursue, hopes and dreams and happiness for the American people. This is an American proposal that honors the traditions of our country. We would not be here tonight for sure without the extraordinary leadership and vision of President Barack Obama. We thank him for his unwavering commitment to healthcare for all Americans. And this began over a year ago under his leadership in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act where we had very significant investments in science, technology, and innovation for health reform -- healthcare reform.
464	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	And in March of last year, the Senate had voted on health care legislation at Christmas of 2009, and then in March of last year, we knew that the House was going to be voting on this legislation and we knew that Nancy Pelosi and friends would do anything to push this legislation through at all costs. They would violate the process, they would do whatever. So again, we wanted to bring Americans back to the capital to protest what was going on in our house, the House of Representatives. And we put out a call and within three days we had approximately 50,000 people here on the steps of the US Capitol screaming “kill the bill, kill the bill.” I mean they adjourned some committees because they said we were being so disruptive. Well on Sunday night, when everybody's gone back home to their families to go back to work and go back to school, we all know what happened. They passed some legislation, you know under the cover of darkness and- and here we have Obamacare. Well that was a defeat for the movement, but you know what? We didn't give up. We were determined to fight harder and the movement continued to grow if people continue to become engaged. But the thing is, you know, we can have these rallies or protests till the end of time. It grows the movement, it brings attention to the movement, but- but if we truly want to effect change we have to do it at the ballot box. And that's what we did.
146	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	THE PRESIDENT: We’ve passed massive—biggest in history—tax cuts and reforms. (Applause.) You know, I don’t use the word “reform.” There was a lot of reform, too. Very positive reform. I don’t use it. And when we were first doing it, I told everybody—everybody gathered—I said, “Just talk about tax cuts. People don’t know what reform means. They think reform might mean it’s going up.” And I said, “Do tax cuts.” AUDIENCE: Booo — AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA! THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. How did he get in here, Matt? Boy. Okay. Just for the media, the fake news back there, they took very good care of him. They were very gentle. (Laughter.) He was very obnoxious. It was only one person. So we have thousands of people here. (Applause.) So listen—tomorrow, the headline will be, “Protestors disturbed the Trump…”—one person, folks. Doesn’t deserve a mention. Doesn’t deserve a headline. The headline tomorrow: “Disrupters of CPAC.” One person. And he was very nice—we looked at him, and he immediately left. Okay. 
66	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	This Government, as promised, has maintained the closest surveillance of the Soviet military buildup on the island of Cuba. Within the past week, unmistakable evidence has established the fact that a series of offensive missile sites is now in preparation on that imprisoned island. The purpose of these bases can be none other than to provide a nuclear strike capability against the Western Hemisphere. Upon receiving the first preliminary hard information of this nature last Tuesday morning at 9 A.M., I directed that our surveillance be stepped up. And having now confirmed and completed our evaluation of the evidence and our decision on a course of action, this Government feels obliged to report this new crisis to you in fullest detail. The characteristic[s] of these new missile sites indicate two distinct types of installations. Several of them include medium range ballistic missiles capable of carrying a nuclear warhead for a distance of more than 1,000 nautical miles. Each of these missiles, in short, is capable of striking Washington, D. C., the Panama Canal, Cape Canaveral, Mexico City, or any other city in the southeastern part of the United States, in Central America, or in the Caribbean area.
21	Adjudicated	Optimistic	My name is Val Demings and I'm running for Congress in the great state of Florida. I spent 27 years on the Orlando Police Force and had the honor of serving as Orlando's first woman chief of police. I know firsthand the tragedy that gun violence inflicts on families in America, and after 49 people were murdered in a nightclub in Orlando last month, let me tell you, our city takes it personally that Congress refuses to disarm hate. You don't need to be a police chief to know that our communities are less safe when criminals and suspected terrorists can walk into a gun shop or gun show and leave with a weapon. On issue after issue it's the leadership of women that makes a stronger America. With Hillary Clinton in the White House and these strong house Democratic women, together with women and families all across our nation, we will show the world what this statement really means. When women succeed, America succeeds. Thank you.
49	Adjudicated	Optimistic	My father knows how to be a fierce opponent, but also how to be a very loyal friend. When it comes to building bridges he can do so figuratively, but also has the rare ability to do so literally, on time and under budget. Throughout his career, my father has been repeatedly called upon by local and federal government to step in and save long-stalled, grossly over budget public projects. Whether it's building a skating rink in the heart of Central Park, meticulously restoring the exterior facade of Grand Central Terminal, enabling the development of New York City's Jacob Javits Convention Center, creating a championship public golf course for the city of New York, or redeveloping the iconic, but totally underutilized, old post office building on Pennsylvania Avenue in the heart of Washington DC. My father succeeds time and time again where government has failed before him. I consider myself fortunate to have learned from the best, both as an entrepreneur and as a parent. My father is a man who is deeply grounded in tradition. He raised my siblings and me to work hard and to strive for excellence in all that we do. He taught us that we have a responsibility to make a positive contribution to society. Here today, my father is again leading me by example.
411	Adjudicated	Optimistic	"I do want to thank the United States Congress for moving expeditiously on this matter and for doing it before their first recess so that every Member of Congress who voted for this bill can go home and say, ""We are up there working on your problems and your promise, trying to make a better future for you."" This sends a clearer signal than any words any of us could utter, that we have tried to give this Government back to the American people. And I am very appreciative that the Congress has moved so rapidly on this bill. There are many, many Members of Congress here and many others who are not here who played a major role in this legislation. Time does not permit me to mention them all, but I do want to thank the Senate majority leader for his heroic efforts in the 11th hour to make sure we passed this bill; Senator Kennedy and Senator Dodd for their passionate and years-long commitment to this effort. I want to thank the Speaker, Speaker Foley, and Congressman Ford, the chairman of the committee that had jurisdiction over this bill, and Congresswoman Pat Schroeder and all the other Democrats who worked on this bill. But I want to acknowledge, too, consistent with the promise I made in my Inaugural to reach out to members of both parties who would try to push for progress, that this bill also had passionate support among Republicans. My old colleague in the Governors' Association, Senator Kit Bond from Missouri, I thank you for your leadership. Senator Jeffords and Senator Coats I don't believe are here, but they supported this bill strongly; and Congresswoman Marge Roukema from New Jersey, her commitment on this was unwavering; Congresswoman Susan Molinari from New York and many other Republicans voted for, spoke for, and worked for this bill. I thank them, the subcommittee chairs who are here, and all the others who worked so hard to make this bill a real live promise kept for the Congress to the people of the United States."
135	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Although my doctors informed me that I suffered a cerebral concussion, as well as shock, I do not seek to escape responsibility for my actions by placing the blame either on the physical and emotional trauma brought on by the accident, or on anyone else. I regard as indefensible the fact that I did not report the accident to the police immediately. Instead of looking directly for a telephone after lying exhausted in the grass for an undetermined time, I walked back to the cottage where the party was being held and requested the help of two friends, my cousin, Joseph Gargan and Phil Markham, and directed them to return immediately to the scene with me -- this was sometime after midnight -- in order to undertake a new effort to dive down and locate Miss Kopechne. Their strenuous efforts, undertaken at some risk to their own lives, also proved futile. All kinds of scrambled thoughts -- all of them confused, some of them irrational, many of them which I cannot recall, and some of which I would not have seriously entertained under normal circumstances -- went through my mind during this period. They were reflected in the various inexplicable, inconsistent, and inconclusive things I said and did, including such questions as whether the girl might still be alive somewhere out of that immediate area, whether some awful curse did actually hang over all the Kennedys, whether there was some justifiable reason for me to doubt what had happened and to delay my report, whether somehow the awful weight of this incredible incident might in some way pass from my shoulders. I was overcome, I'm frank to say, by a jumble of emotions: grief, fear, doubt, exhaustion, panic, confusion, and shock.
134	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Never forget: We are one family and one nation. This rich heritage belongs to every citizen, young and old, first-generation American and tenth-generation American. This heritage belongs to every citizen, young and old — first-generation American — we want to go from first generation to tenth generation; it matters not. We are American. We are from the USA.  This great heritage belongs to citizens of every background and of every walk of life. No matter our race, color, religion, or creed, we are one America, and we put America first. We will not allow anyone to divide our citizens by race or background. We will not allow them to foment hate, discord, and distrust. We will hold fast and true to the sacred loyalties that link us all as neighbors, as Americans, and as patriots.
398	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Good evening, America. I’m Michelle Lujan Grisham, governor of the great state of Nuevo Mexico. I'm proud of my home state every single day, especially how we have punched above our weight in our successful response to COVID-19. I'm proud of New Mexicans from Taos to Truth or Consequences who have stepped up and sacrificed in so many incredible ways this past half year. And I'm proud how we embrace our multicultural identity as our greatest strength. And I'm proud that New Mexico has shown what climate leadership looks like. While the Trump administration has been eliminating environmental protections, we've expanded them. While they've been rolling back regulations on oil and gas, we've taken on polluters and held them accountable. We've committed to a renewable energy future with exciting and fulfilling careers for workers all across our beautiful state, including right here in the heart of northern New Mexico. We're laying a road map here for what America can and should look like in the 21st century. In America, where we lead again, where we build safer cleaner and more affordable cities and communities, where we provide meaningful opportunities for workers and families to thrive and build better lives. As president, Joe Biden will rejoin the international climate agreement and the United States will once again lead on this critical issue. At home, he'll invest in energy workers and he will deliver for working families across the U.S., helping them build meaningful careers while accelerating our nation and world into a clean, green 21st century and well beyond. We know time is running out to save our planet, we have the chance this November to end two existential crises: the Trump presidency and the environmental annihilation he represents. We have the chance this November to attack the climate crisis, invest in green 21st century jobs and embrace the clean energy revolution our country, our young people are crying out for and the leadership the rest of the world is waiting for. The choice is clear. The choice is Joe Biden. Thank you, America.
232	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	But I have an uncomfortable feeling that this prosperity isn't something on which we can base our hopes for the future. No nation in history has ever survived a tax burden that reached a third of its national income. Today, 37 cents out of every dollar earned in this country is the tax collector's share, and yet our government continues to spend 17 million dollars a day more than the government takes in. We haven't balanced our budget 28 out of the last 34 years. We've raised our debt limit three times in the last twelve months, and now our national debt is one and a half times bigger than all the combined debts of all the nations of the world. We have 15 billion dollars in gold in our treasury; we don't own an ounce. Foreign dollar claims are 27.3 billion dollars. And we've just had announced that the dollar of 1939 will now purchase 45 cents in its total value.
402	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I entered this race now 18 months ago because I was personally frustrated with those decisions that were being made out in Washington, decisions that are hurting hard-working Iowa families, decisions that are helping only corporations and millionaires and billionaires. Well you know what? You all got busy, you got the vote out and we're going to change that. [cheers] Because when it comes to Washington, corporations and special interests, boy they've had their time. They had a seat at the table but now it's time for Iowans to have a voice.
434	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Many of you seated at this table have made known for years through the Organization of American States and through your own personal expressions of concern to my predecessors in the White House, your own strong feelings about the Panama Canal Treaty of 1903. That treaty, drafted in a world so different from ours today, has become an obstacle to better relations with Latin America. I thank each of you for the support and help that you and your countries have given during the long process of negotiation, which is now drawing to a close. This agreement has been negotiated over a period of 14 years under four Presidents of the United States.
235	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	At times history and fate meet at a single time in a single place to shape a turning point in man's unending search for freedom. So it was at Lexington and Concord. So it was a century ago at Appomattox. So it was last week in Selma, Alabama. There, long-suffering men and women peacefully protested the denial of their rights as Americans. Many were brutally assaulted. One good man, a man of God, was killed. There is no cause for pride in what has happened in Selma. There is no cause for self-satisfaction in the long denial of equal rights of millions of Americans. But there is cause for hope and for faith in our democracy in what is happening here tonight. For the cries of pain and the hymns and protests of oppressed people have summoned into convocation all the majesty of this great government -- the government of the greatest nation on earth. 
412	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I want to tell everyone in this room – the single moms, the people drowning in student debt, black and Hispanic and Native American and Asian communities who have been under attack, trans and LGBTQ people who deserve never to be erased, disabled folks fighting for dignity and independence, folks trying to keep a roof over your children’s heads and food on the table to insure your child gets a shot in life – I see you. I’m listening. I love you. We fight together, and I will bring that fight to Congress! Seventy years ago, Native Americans right here in New Mexico couldn’t vote. Can you believe that? Growing up in my mother’s pueblo household and as a thirty-fifth generation New Mexican, I never imagined a world where I would be represented by someone who looks like me. Tonight, New Mexico, you are sending one of the very first Native American women to Congress!
121	Adjudicated	Optimistic	We are a people in a quandary about the present. We are a people in search of our future. We are a people in search of a national community. We are a people trying not only to solve the problems of the present, unemployment, inflation, but we are attempting on a larger scale to fulfill the promise of America. We are attempting to fulfill our national purpose, to create and sustain a society in which all of us are equal. Throughout out history, when people have looked for new ways to solve their problems, and to uphold the principles of this nation, many times they have turned to political parties. They have often turned to the Democratic Party. What is it? What is it about the Democratic Party that makes it the instrument the people use when they search for ways to shape their future? Well I believe the answer to that question lies in our concept of governing. Our concept of governing is derived from our view of people. It is a concept deeply rooted in a set of beliefs firmly etched in the national conscience of all of us. Now what are these beliefs? First, we believe in equality for all and privileges for none. This is a belief that each American regardless of background has equal standing in the public forum -- all of us. Because we believe this idea so firmly, we are an inclusive rather than an exclusive party. Let everybody come! I think it no accident that most of those emigrating to America in the 19th century identified with the Democratic Party. We are a heterogeneous party made up of Americans of diverse backgrounds. We believe that the people are the source of all governmental power; that the authority of the people is to be extended, not restricted.
252	Adjudicated	Neutral	I will report to you from time to time about our Government—both our problems and our achievements, but tonight I want to tell you how I plan to carry out some of my other commitments. Some of our obvious goals can be achieved very quickly—for example, through executive orders and decisions made directly by me. But in many other areas, we must move carefully, with full involvement by the Congress, allowing time for citizens to participate in careful study, in order to develop predictable, long-range programs that we can be sure are affordable and that we know will work.
251	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	So it's partly in honor of my parents, in honor of all those people who gave us what we got to be here today. The other thing is, he said recently in fact at Hillsdale College, the founders and all the people who spilled blood and given their treasure in their lives to bring this country to this point have built up deposits in a great sort of Bank of Liberty and a whole lot of people are drawing down on those deposits now. And not that many people are putting deposits in. I know everybody in this room is putting deposits into that Bank of Liberty. He said people keep drawing from it and not many people put it back in. Eventually, that Bank of Liberty runs dry. So I just wanted to put- put some deposits back in and fight Chuck Schumer. Yeah, stand up for the constitution, for the Second Amendment in all. [applause] But I need your help, so if everybody in this room if you could, I’m not going to take your time with that Ten Point contract that that John referred to, but if you would go to my website it's wendylong.com you can read it.
446	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Now despite the scars I carry from that, I also have learned some valuable lessons. And most importantly, that in order to answer any question about what we can do better to provide healthcare for all of our citizens in a cost effective quality driven way, we first have to establish a consensus in America. That this is a goal we intend to achieve together. We have to reach that consensus among providers, employers, employees, citizens, those who pay for, depend upon, and actually deliver healthcare services. And this consensus has to be strong enough to persuade decision makers in Washington and to overcome entrenched opposition among the forces that oppose change for ideological and corporate reasons. Now the good news is that I think we are finally reaching consensus. I see businesses, labor, government and other stakeholders increasingly investing in quality care because they realize that it's not only good for individuals and families that it's also goof or our economy. We've begun to agree that there is an economic as well as a moral imperative to reign in costs and to extend coverage to all Americans. There's a practical imperative to improve quality -- to promote wellness and prevent illness wherever possible. And these are the key components of my health care plan--lowering costs for everyone, improving quality for everyone, and providing coverage for everyone. I list them as three interlocking goals because I think we cannot do one without doing all of them.
233	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	So today, we dumped another 70 million tons of global-warming pollution into the thin shell of atmosphere surrounding our planet, as if it were an open sewer. And tomorrow, we will dump a slightly larger amount, with the cumulative concentrations now trapping more and more heat from the sun. As a result, the earth has a fever. And the fever is rising. The experts have told us it is not a passing affliction that will heal by itself. We asked for a second opinion. And a third. And a fourth. And the consistent conclusion, restated with increasing distress, is that something basic is wrong.
123	Adjudicated	Neutral	"As an example, the United States introduced its last new intercontinental ballistic missile, the Minute Man III, in 1969, and we're now dismantling our even older Titan missiles. But what has the Soviet Union done in these intervening years? Well, since 1969 the Soviet Union has built five new classes of ICBM's, and upgraded these eight times. As a result, their missiles are much more powerful and accurate than they were several years ago, and they continue to develop more, while ours are increasingly obsolete. The same thing has happened in other areas. Over the same period, the Soviet Union built 4 new classes of submarine-launched ballistic missiles and over 60 new missile submarines. We built 2 new types of submarine missiles and actually withdrew 10 submarines from strategic missions. The Soviet Union built over 200 new Backfire bombers, and their brand new Blackjack bomber is now under development. We haven't built a new long-range bomber since our B-52's were deployed about a quarter of a century ago, and we've already retired several hundred of those because of old age. Indeed, despite what many people think, our strategic forces only cost about 15 percent of the defense budget. Another example of what's happened: In 1978 the Soviets had 600 intermediate-range nuclear missiles based on land and were beginning to add the SS-20—a new, highly accurate, mobile missile with 3 warheads. We had none. Since then the Soviets have strengthened their lead. By the end of 1979, when Soviet leader Brezhnev declared ""a balance now exists,"" the Soviets had over 800 warheads. We still had none. A year ago this month, Mr. Brezhnev pledged a moratorium, or freeze, on SS-20 deployment. But by last August, their 800 warheads had become more than 1,200. We still had none. Some freeze. At this time Soviet Defense Minister Ustinov announced ""approximate parity of forces continues to exist."" But the Soviets are still adding an average of 3 new warheads a week, and now have 1,300. These warheads can reach their targets in a matter of a few minutes. We still have none. So far, it seems that the Soviet definition of parity is a box score of 1,300 to nothing, in their favor."
94	Adjudicated	Neutral	"In this war we've assembled a broad coalition of civilized nations that recognize the danger and are working with us on all fronts. The President has made very clear that there is no neutral ground in the fight against terror. Those who harbor terrorists share guilt for the acts they commit. Under the Bush Doctrine, a regime that harbors or supports terrorists will be regarded as hostile to the United States. The Taliban has already learned that lesson, but Afghanistan was only the beginning of a lengthy campaign. Were we to stop now, any sense of security we might have would be false and temporary. There is a terrorist underworld out there, spread among more than 60 countries. The job we have will require every tool at our means of diplomacy, of finance, of intelligence, of law enforcement, and of military power. But we will, over time, find and defeat the enemies of the United States. In the case of Osama bin Laden -- as President Bush said recently -- ""If he's alive, we'll get him. If he's not alive, we already got him."" But the challenges to our country involve more than just tracking down a single person or one small group. 9/11 and its aftermath awakened this nation to danger, to the true ambitions of the global terror network, and to the reality that weapons of mass destruction are being sought by determined enemies who would not hesitate to use them against us."
107	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Thank you for the hundreds and thousands of people who donated to this campaign. Ninety percent of the donations to this campaign were $50 or less – 90 percent. That's incredible. Thank you to the hundreds and thousands of people who were actively a part of this campaign. Thank you for your work, thank you for your time, for your heart, for your energy, for your patriotism, for your inspiration and for your belief in me. But most importantly, thank you for your belief in the real soul of our country and for never giving up.
355	Adjudicated	Neutral	In South Africa, women living in shanty towns came together to build a housing development outside Cape Town all on their own, brick by brick. And today, their community has grown to more than 50,000 homes for low income families, most of them female-headed. In Liberia, a group of church women began a prayer movement to stop their country’s brutal civil war. It grew to include thousands of women who helped force the two sides to negotiate a peace agreement. And then, those women helped elect Ellen Johnson Sirleaf president, the first woman to lead an African nation.
201	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Hello America, I'm Governor Gretchen Whitmer, or as Donald Trump calls me: that woman from Michigan. Tonight, I'm here at UAW local 652 in Lansing, Michigan. Auto workers in this union and across our state could have lost their jobs if not for Barack Obama and Joe Biden. In 2009, the Obama-Biden administration inherited the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression, the auto industry on the brink of collapse, a million jobs at stake. But President Obama and Vice President Biden didn't waste time blaming anyone else or shirking their responsibility, they got to work. They brought together union members, companies and lawmakers on both sides of the aisle and they saved the auto industry. And wouldn't you know, just a few months ago as our nation began battling COVID-19, auto workers across Michigan sprang into action. They started making protective equipment for doctors and nurses on the front lines. Let me break it down, President Obama and Vice President Biden saved these auto workers livelihoods, then these workers did their part to save American lives. That's the story of this great nation — action begets action, progress begets progress. And when we work together, we can accomplish anything. After all, democracy is a team sport, especially now. It's crucial that we rally together to fight this virus and build our economy back better.
171	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Drew and I are kind of number crunchers and as we talked about it, we know that with the precincts that are out, we kind of know where they are, and we know that the 2000 vote margin that's there right now could get a little bit smaller, but we still feel good and he congratulated me and, as you all know, pledged his support to help us in any way possible as we move forward to November 2 and I welcome his help and I welcome his support and I hope you all do, too. I stand here tonight with my family standing behind me, the people who have supported me my entire life, who know me better than anyone, who've come outside of their comfort zones to help me when I decide to do something crazy like run for office.
199	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	I have just met with the families of many of those who were killed. I think all Americans would cradle them in our arms if we could. We share their sorrow. I want all of you who lost loved ones and friends to know that the thoughts and prayers of this nation are with you. If this country is to remain a force for good in the world, we'll face times like these, times of sadness and loss. Your fellow citizens know and appreciate that marines and their families are carrying a heavy burden.
16	Adjudicated	Neutral	By gathering in Beijing, we are focusing world attention on issues that matter most in our lives -- the lives of women and their families: access to education, health care, jobs and credit, the chance to enjoy basic legal and human rights and to participate fully in the political life of our countries. Our goals for this conference, to strengthen families and societies by empowering women to take greater control over their own destinies, cannot be fully achieved unless all governments -- here and around the world -- accept their responsibility to protect and promote internationally recognized human rights.
433	Adjudicated	Optimistic	So let's just sort of set the stage. Planned Parenthood was started nearly 100 years ago and the whole idea was to give women access to health care and the rights they needed to build their future. Since then, women have made enormous progress and let me tell you we are just getting started, my friend, okay. So, [unintelligible]. We're now almost half the workforce in America. We're more than half the college students. We're in Congress, we're on the Supreme Court, and with your help we're going to be in the White House, right?
426	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	And it never really stopped. We’ve been going through this now for over three years. It was evil. It was corrupt. It was dirty cops. It was leakers and liars. And this should never, ever happen to another President ever. I don’t know that other Presidents would have been able to take it. Some people said, no, they wouldn’t have. But I can tell you, at a minimum, you have to focus on this because it can get away very quickly. No matter who you have with you, it can get away very quickly. It was a disgrace. Had I not fired James Comey — who was a disaster, by the way — it’s possible I wouldn’t even be standing here right now. We caught him in the act. Dirty cops. Bad people. If this happened to President Obama, a lot of people would have been in jail for a long time already. Many, many years.
390	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	The two worlds we see now each contain both truth and distortion. Both black and white Americans must face this, for honesty is the only gateway to the many acts of reconciliation that will unite our worlds at last into one America. White America must understand and acknowledge the roots of black pain. It began with unequal treatment, first in law and later in fact. African-Americans indeed have lived too long with a justice system that in too many cases has been and continues to be less than just. The record of abuses extends from lynchings and trumped up charges to false arrests and police brutality. The tragedies of Emmett Till and Rodney King are bloody markers on the very same road. Still today, too many of our police officers play by the rules of the bad old days. It is beyond wrong when law-abiding black parents have to tell their law-abiding children to fear the police whose salaries are paid by their own taxes.
197	Adjudicated	Neutral	"Here's how I see it. Either we move forward on the path of diplomacy and seize this chance to block Iran's path to a nuclear weapon—or, we turn down a more dangerous path leading to a far less certain and riskier future. That's why I support this deal. I support it as part of a larger strategy toward Iran. By now, the outcome in Congress is no longer in much doubt. So we've got to start looking ahead to what comes next: enforcing the deal, deterring Iran and its proxies, and strengthening our allies. These will be my goals as president. And today, I want to talk about how I would achieve them. Let me start by saying I understand the skepticism so many feel about Iran. I too am deeply concerned about Iranian aggression and the need to confront it. It's a ruthless, brutal regime that has the blood of Americans, many others, including its own people, on its hands. Its political rallies resound with cries of ""Death to America."" Its leaders talk about wiping Israel off the face of the map, most recently just yesterday, and foment terror against it. There is absolutely no reason to trust Iran. Now, Vice President Cheney may hope that the American people will simply forget, but the truth is, by the time President Obama took office and I became secretary of state, Iran was racing toward a nuclear capability. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle—meaning that they had the material, scientists, and technical know-how to create material for nuclear weapons. They had produced and installed thousands of centrifuges, expanded their secret facilities, established a robust uranium enrichment program, and defied their international obligations under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. And they hadn't suffered many consequences. I voted for sanctions again and again as a Senator from New York, but they weren't having much effect. Most of the world still did business with Iran. We needed to step up our game."
140	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	He trained terrorist armies, including Hezbollah, launching terrorist strikes against civilian targets. He fueled bloody civil wars all across the region. He viciously wounded and murdered thousands of U.S. troops, including the planting of roadside bombs that maim and dismember their victims. Soleimani directed the recent attacks on US personnel in Iraq that badly wounded four service members and killed one American, and he orchestrated the violent assault on the US embassy in Baghdad. In recent days, he was planning new attacks on American targets, but we stopped him. Soleimani’s hands were drenched in both American and Iranian blood. He should have been terminated long ago. By removing Soleimani, we have sent a powerful message to terrorists: If you value your own life, you will not threaten the lives of our people. As we continue to evaluate options in response to Iranian aggression, the United States will immediately impose additional punishing economic sanctions on the Iranian regime. These powerful sanctions will remain until Iran changes its behavior.
61	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	"Nineteen years ago, almost to the day, we lost three astronauts in a terrible accident on the ground. But we've never lost an astronaut in flight; we've never had a tragedy like this. And perhaps we've forgotten the courage it took for the crew of the shuttle. But they, the Challenger Seven, were aware of the dangers, but overcame them and did their jobs brilliantly. We mourn seven heroes: Michael Smith, Dick Scobee, Judith Resnik, Ronald McNair, Ellison Onizuka, Gregory Jarvis, and Christa McAuliffe. We mourn their loss as a nation together. For the families of the seven, we cannot bear, as you do, the full impact of this tragedy. But we feel the loss, and we're thinking about you so very much. Your loved ones were daring and brave, and they had that special grace, that special spirit that says, ""Give me a challenge, and I'll meet it with joy."" They had a hunger to explore the universe and discover its truths. They wished to serve, and they did. They served all of us. We've grown used to wonders in this century. It's hard to dazzle us. But for 25 years the United States space program has been doing just that. We've grown used to the idea of space, and perhaps we forget that we've only just begun. We're still pioneers. They, the members of the Challenger crew, were pioneers."
375	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I'm Wendy Long. I'm a New Yorker, a wife, mother and attorney. America has given me so much. I was blessed with great, hard-working parents and I had a rare opportunity to learn from some of the best about what makes our country great. I clerked for one of them at the U.S. Supreme Court. I believe in real New York values, individual freedom, hard work, personal responsibility, strong families, generosity to our fellow citizens and love for our neighbors. I'm running for the United States Senate to bring those values back.
315	Adjudicated	Neutral	If you're no longer being denied a job because of your race, gender or disability or you've seen a rise in the minimum wage you're being paid, Teddy is your senator, too. And for children who are receiving health care thanks to the Children's Health Insurance Program, if you see a nurse at a community health center or if you are benefiting from the Medicare program that he fought to create – and just last month he returned to the Senate to save – Teddy is your senator, too. [Applause] If you're a child who is getting an early boost in life through Head Start or attending a better school or can go to college because a Pell Grant has made it more affordable – Teddy is your senator, too. [Applause] And if you're an eighteen-year-old who's going to vote for the first time – and I bet it will be for Barack Obama – Teddy's your senator, too. [Applause]
45	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	"It is strange that we can verbally attack anyone else without restraint and with full protection and yet we hold ourselves above the same type of criticism here on the Senate Floor.  Surely the United States Senate is big enough to take self-criticism and self-appraisal.  Surely we should be able to take the same kind of character attacks that we ""dish out"" to outsiders. I think that it is high time for the United States Senate and its members to do some soul-searching -- for us to weigh our consciences -- on the manner in which we are performing our duty to the people of America -- on the manner in which we are using or abusing our individual powers and privileges."
492	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	You know and one more thing. I’m tired of hearing that we can’t afford to make real investments in child care, college, and Medicare for All. I’m tired of it. I’m tired of hearing that we can’t afford to make investments in things that create economic opportunity for families. I’m tired of hearing that we can’t afford to make investments in things like housing and opioid treatment. Can’t afford things to address rural neglect or the legacy of racial discrimination. I’m tired of hearing what we can’t afford because it is just not true. We are the wealthiest nation in the history of the world — of course we can afford these investments. But we need a government that makes different choices, choices that reflect our values. Stop handing out enormous tax giveaways to rich people and giant corporations. Stop refusing to invest in our children. Stop stalling on spending money — real money — on infrastructure and clean energy and a Green New Deal. And start asking the people who have gained the most from our country to pay their fair share. That includes real tax reform in this country — reforms that close loopholes and giveaways to the people at the top, and an Ultra-Millionaire Tax to make sure rich people start doing their part for the country that made them rich.
47	Adjudicated	Neutral	"Well, then, some of you will say, and rightly, ""Well, what did you use the fund for, Senator?"" ""Why did you have to have it?"" Let me tell you in just a word how a Senate office operates. First of all, a Senator gets 15,000 dollars a year in salary. He gets enough money to pay for one trip a year -- a round trip, that is -- for himself and his family between his home and Washington, D.C. And then he gets an allowance to handle the people that work in his office to handle his mail. And the allowance for my State of California is enough to hire 13 people. And let me say, incidentally, that that allowance is not paid to the Senator. It's paid directly to the individuals that the Senator puts on his payroll. But all of these people and all of these allowances are for strictly official business; business, for example, when a constituent writes in and wants you to go down to the Veteran's Administration and get some information about his GI policy -- items of that type, for example. But there are other expenses which are not covered by the Government. And I think I can best discuss those expenses by asking you some questions."
240	Adjudicated	Optimistic	My heart is filled with pride. My fellow citizens, I proudly accept your nomination for vice president of the United States. And I am proud to run with a man who will be one of the great presidents of this century, Walter F. Mondale.
25	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Well, the fact is that we are not an isolated piece of their puzzle. We are one nation. We are the United States of America! 'To Be All That We Can Be' Now, we Democrats believe that America is still the country of fair play, that we can come out of a small town or a poor neighborhood and have the same chance as anyone else and it doesn't matter whether we are black or Hispanic or disabled or a woman. We believe that America is a country where small business owners must succeed because they are the bedrock, backbone of our economy. We believe that our kids deserve good day care and public schools. We believe our kids deserve public schools where students can learn, and teachers can teach. We want to believe that our parents will have a good retirement - and that we will, too. We Democrats believe that Social Security is a pact that cannot be broken. We want to believe that we can live out our lives without the terrible fear that an illness is going to bankrupt us and our children. We Democrats believe that America can overcome any problem, including the dreaded disease called AIDS. We believe that America is still a country where there is more to life than just a constant struggle for money. And we believe that America must have leaders who show us that our struggles amount to something and contribute to something larger, leaders who want us to be all that we can be.
309	Adjudicated	Neutral	"The United Nations is dedicated to world peace, and its charter clearly prohibits the international use of force. Yet the tide of belligerence continues to rise. The charter's influence has weakened even in the 4 years since the first special session on disarmament. We must not only condemn aggression; we must enforce the dictates of our charter and resume the struggle for peace. The record of history is clear: Citizens of the United States resort to force reluctantly and only when they must. Our foreign policy, as President Eisenhower once said, ""is not difficult to state. We are for peace first, last, and always for very simple reasons."" We know that only in a peaceful atmosphere, a peace with justice, one in which we can be confident, can America prosper as we have known prosperity in the past, he said."
210	Adjudicated	Neutral	We're also gathered here for a special event—the national funeral for an unknown soldier who will today join the heroes of three other wars. When he spoke at a ceremony at Gettysburg in 1863, President Lincoln reminded us that through their deeds, the dead had spoken more eloquently for themselves than any of the living ever could, and that we living could only honor them by rededicating ourselves to the cause for which they so willingly gave a last full measure of devotion.
260	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Before I begin, please indulge me.  I want to comment on the terrorist attacks that have taken place in Brussels.  The thoughts and the prayers of the American people are with the people of Belgium.  We stand in solidarity with them in condemning these outrageous attacks against innocent people.  We will do whatever is necessary to support our friend and ally, Belgium, in bringing to justice those who are responsible.  And this is yet another reminder that the world must unite, we must be together, regardless of nationality, or race, or faith, in fighting against the scourge of terrorism.  We can -- and will -- defeat those who threaten the safety and security of people all around the world. To the government and the people of Cuba, I want to thank you for the kindness that you’ve shown to me and Michelle, Malia, Sasha, my mother-in-law, Marian. 
442	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Late yesterday, I cancelled a carefully planned operation which was underway in Iran to position our rescue team for later withdrawal of American hostages, who have been held captive there since November 4. Equipment failure in the rescue helicopters made it necessary to end the mission. As our team was withdrawing, after my order to do so, two of our American aircraft collided on the ground following a refueling operation in a remote desert location in Iran. Other information about this rescue mission will be made available to the American people when it is appropriate to do so. There was no fighting; there was no combat. But to my deep regret, eight of the crewmen of the two aircraft which collided were killed, and several other Americans were hurt in the accident. Our people were immediately airlifted from Iran. Those who were injured have gotten medical treatment, and all of them are expected to recover.
263	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Your Majesties, Your Royal Highnesses, distinguished members of the Norwegian Nobel Committee, citizens of America, and citizens of the world: I receive this honor with deep gratitude and great humility.  It is an award that speaks to our highest aspirations -- that for all the cruelty and hardship of our world, we are not mere prisoners of fate.  Our actions matter, and can bend history in the direction of justice.
188	Adjudicated	Optimistic	We have to transform this country not just change policies. If all you do is change presidents, they’ll come back in ‘22, they’ll come back in ‘24. If all we do is change policies then the next president will simply take away the good ones that we got in place. This country needs to transform and this country needs a president and this president should emerge from a party that is ready to go deeper, go soulful, get real, do some truth-telling. Talk not just the truth, every Democrat running is telling the truth, but ladies and gentlemen we need to do more than just talk the truth, we need to say the whole truth and nothing but the truth. And if we talk the whole truth and nothing but the truth, America has some painful truths to look at. America has to look at how many ways we are not behaving like the country that we purport to be. All the ways in which we are not aligned with the principles on which we claim to stand. In a country where the government does more to advocate for those who are already rich so that they can get richer and to advocate less for those who can hardly make it at all/ We’re not even behaving like a democracy, we are behaving like the aristocracy we repudiated in 1776 and we need to repudiate it again. Ladies and gentlemen, we need to get real about what’s happening in this country. We need to get real about race in this country. We need to do more about this paternalistic, race-based policy stuff. We need to do more than just having another commission to study it. We need to realize that with 250 years of slavery plus another hundred years of institutionalized violence against black people, it is time to pay a debt that is owed. It is time to pay reparations and it is time to take reparative measures regarding a Native American justice in this country, including the Meskwaki here in Iowa. Because ladies and gentlemen whether you’re a country or you’re an individual, you’re not going to have the future you want unless you’re willing to clean up the past. The Democratic Party needs to be talking about a World War II level mobilization to deal with the urgency of the climate crisis so intense that if we do not take radical action within the next 10 or 15 years, we could be talking about a civilization collapse. We could be talking about food shortages, mass starvation, hundreds possibly of millions of refugees We could be talking about social collapse, the kinds of which we have not been talking about in the modern era. And we need to talk about more than just endless preparation for war. “Bring the boys home” oh come on, that's not a foreign policy, that’s a slogan. We should be talking about waging peace, the Democratic Party should be talking about waging peace, declaring peace. We can’t just deal with the guns and just deal with the military budget. We also need to have a U.S. Department of Peace. We need to have a U.S. Department of Children and Youth. We need to pay reparations, we need to get real in this country about the things that we need to get real about.
360	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	I remember in college under George Bush picking up those science books, leaning into compelling fields because I was concerned about having to preserve fact over demagoguery. And here we are again, where President Obama had 125 people serving in the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy because he believed fact-driven data-driven policy – policy that I was privileged enough to work on. Our current president has barely put a person in that office, because it is evident he and his cabinet do not care about fact or a science-driven agenda. We could be leading a new space race to Mars but yet here I stand with you demanding to let our scientists be allowed to do their work without censorship from our own federal government.
303	Adjudicated	Optimistic	But in the United States, because we have had a strong, free labor movement, the working people of this country have not felt that they were left out. And as long as the labor movement is strong and as long as it is committed to freedom, then I think that freedom in this country is strengthened. So I would hope that every American, whether he was on one side of the bargaining table or the other or whether he was in a wholly different sphere of life, would recognize that the strength of a free American labor movement is vital to the maintenance of freedom in this country and all around the world. And I am delighted that there are here today, I understand, nearly 150 trade union leaders from nearly 32 countries around the world. I believe--and I say this as President-that one of the great assets that this country has is the influence which this labor movement can promote around the world in demonstrating what a free trade union can do.
99	Adjudicated	Optimistic	We came to fight for workers who want to build a union and for unions who want to rebuild America’s middle class. We came to fight for firefighters facing cancer, for nurses busting their tails to save lives, and for public school teachers reaching into their own pockets to buy crayons for their kids. We came to fight for loved ones caught in the grip of the opioid crisis, for families shattered by gun violence, and for communities of color devastated by a broken criminal justice system.
389	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	You know my friends that’s the size of it because November is around the corner okay November is around the corner, and I want you to know I fired up, I'm gonna get up early tomorrow morning and get back at it because we got a real race ahead of us, we have a real race ahead of us and we know what that is. Now we know our opponent, it’s Allan Fung and we know two things about Allan Fung. Number one, he opposes the job creation policies of my administration that had created over 20,000 jobs, and we know you know he’s not gonna have the courage to stand up to President Trump who wants to take away our healthcare and drill off the coast of Rhode Island for oil and we know that we're Rhode Islanders are craving change and they're not gonna vote for political insiders so we’re gonna party tonight, we're gonna say thank you for all of our supporters for getting out there some of us have been on all day to dry our shoes, so we're ready to play our walking shoes back on tomorrow and get back out there and knock on doors. Four more years… we’re gonna get it done, so to all of you I just want to say thank you.
378	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Thank you. Thank you. Your eminence, your excellencies, members of the clergy, Donald and Melania, and all the distinguished guests. Earlier tonight, Al reminded me that when the first Al Smith ran for president, he chose the progressive senator from Arkansas, Joseph G. Robinson, who is one of my husband's political heroes. This work that you do through the dinner, Al— you have done it now for 30 years— is such a labor of love. You have been a hero for both the children of the archdiocese and for the city of New York, and I think we all owe Al Smith a great round of applause.
462	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	The vast majority of New Orleans, Louisiana is under water. Tens of thousands of homes and businesses are beyond repair. A lot of the Mississippi Gulf Coast has been completely destroyed. Mobile is flooded. We are dealing with one of the worst natural disasters in our nation's history. And that's why I've called the Cabinet together. The people in the affected regions expect the federal government to work with the state government and local government with an effective response. I have directed Secretary of Homeland Security Mike Chertoff to chair a Cabinet-level task force to coordinate all our assistance from Washington. FEMA Director Mike Brown is in charge of all federal response and recovery efforts in the field. I've instructed them to work closely with state and local officials, as well as with the private sector, to ensure that we're helping, not hindering, recovery efforts. This recovery will take a long time. This recovery will take years.
5	Adjudicated	Optimistic	We have made considerable progress in battling COVID-19. When I became President, about 2 million Americans were fully vaccinated. Today, over 175 million Americans have that protection. We’re in a tough stretch, and it could last for a while... The vaccines provide very strong protection from severe illness from COVID-19. I know there’s a lot of confusion and misinformation. But the world’s leading scientists confirm that if you are fully vaccinated, your risk of severe illness from COVID-19 is very low.
298	Adjudicated	Neutral	The workers of the nation were tired of waiting for corporate industry to right their economic wrongs, to alleviate their social agony and to grant them their political rights. Despairing of fair treatment, they resolved to do something for themselves. They, therefore, have organized a new labor movement, conceived within the principles of the national bill of rights and committed to the proposition that the workers are free to assemble in their own forums, voice their own grievances, declare their own hopes and contract on even terms with modern industry for the sale of their only material possession -- their labor. The Committee for Industrial Organization has a numerical enrollment of 3,718,000 members. It has 32 affiliated national and international unions. Of this number 11 unions account for 2,765,000 members. This group is organized in the textile, auto, garment, lumber, rubber, electrical manufacturing, power, steel, coal and transport industries. The remaining membership exists in the maritime, oil production and refining, ship building, leather, chemical, retail, meat packing, vegetable canning, metalliferous mining, miscellaneous manufacturing, agricultural labor, and service and miscellaneous industries. Some 200,000 workers are organized into 507 chartered local unions not yet attached to a national industrial union.
291	Adjudicated	Neutral	We have radically reformed the college loan program, as I promised, to lower the cost of college loans and broaden the availability of it and make the repayment terms easier. And we have passed the national service law that will give in 3 years, 3 years from now, 100,000 young Americans the chance to serve their communities at home, to repair the frayed bonds of community, to build up the needs of people at the grassroots, and at the same time, earn some money to pay for a college education. It is a wonderful idea. On April 15th when people pay their taxes, somewhere between 15 million and 18 million working families on modest incomes, families with children and incomes of tinder $23,000, will get a tax cut, not a tax increase, in the most important effort to ensure that we reward work and family in the last 20 years. Fifty million American parents and their children will be advantaged by putting the Tax Code back on the side of working American parents for a change.
348	Adjudicated	Neutral	The long and meticulous study and debate of which this Universal Declaration of Human Rights is the product means that it reflects the composite views of the many men and governments who have contributed to its formulation. Not every man nor every government can have what he wants in a document of this kind. There are of course particular provisions in the Declaration before us with which we are not fully satisfied. I have no doubt this is true of other delegations, and it would still be true if we continued our labors over many years. Taken as a whole the Delegation of the United States believes that this is a good document -- even a great document -- and we propose to give it our full support. The position of the United States on the various parts of the Declaration is a matter of record in the Third Committee. I shall not burden the Assembly, and particularly my colleagues of the Third Committee, with a restatement of that position here.
444	Adjudicated	Optimistic	I'm congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester. In some history class in the future children are learning about this moment, they're learning about our pain our grief our worry, but they're also learning about a man named Joe Biden, about how he restored decency to our government and integrity to our democracy. They’re learning about how we conquered a pandemic, stood united for racial justice and built our economy back better than before. They're learning about how his leadership gave their generation a fighting chance. They're learning about us too, about the resolve and the unity we showed against the forces of hatred and division, about the work we will do over the next 11 weeks and about the night when despite our distance, we came together to nominate Joe Biden for President of the United States. A nomination I'm honored to second.
122	Adjudicated	Optimistic	But I have to tell you, I'm a little sentimental tonight because a lot of times you don't get to see bookends in your life, and 40 years ago I was a young college student working my way through school and I was a member of 226—but that's not the best part of the story. I was working right down the hall here at Caesar's Palace as a cocktail waitress to pay my tuition. I put my tips in those envelopes and it paid for my next year of college, and I know it took a while but 40 years later I'm back and here I am. But I think about that young woman then and I never could have imagined all these years later, really, that I'd be standing here on this stage as your next United States senator and that everything that's happened in between. You know my—I love you guys, too—so you know I want to tell you that my faith and my upbringing, they were a big part of my decision to take on this race because I believe it's our responsibility to leave this world a better place than how we found it. And after all the hate I've seen recently—that we've all seen—I can't tell you how much this means to me as a former synagogue president to stand here tonight as your next senator. Hate will never win. Hate will never win. And plenty of people had their doubts that this victory would be ours tonight. But this is the story of this election cycle—women stepping up to lead, to take back our country and take back the agenda in Washington.
405	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	"So here we are, commencement, life’s great forward-looking ceremony. And don’t say, ""What about weddings?"" Weddings are one-sided and insufficiently effective. Weddings are bride-centric pageantry. Other than conceding to a list of unreasonable demands, the groom just stands there -- no stately, hey-everybody-look-at-me procession; no being given away; no identity-changing pronouncement. And can you imagine a television show dedicated to watching guys try on tuxedos? Their fathers sitting there misty-eyed with joy and disbelief; their brothers lurking in the corner muttering with envy. Left to men, weddings would be, after limits-testing procrastination, spontaneous, almost inadvertent -- during halftime, on the way to the refrigerator. And then there’s the frequency of failure: statistics tell us half of you will get divorced. A winning percentage like that’ll get you last place in the American League East. The Baltimore Orioles do better than weddings."
261	Adjudicated	Optimistic	We have to reform our broken criminal justice system, take back our democracy from the wealthy special interests, and make our economy work for everyone, not just those at the top. And you know what? We have to do all these things at the same time. That's why throughout this campaign, we've been calling for eliminating racial profiling and disparities in sentencing. Ending the era of mass incarceration, dismantling the school-to-prison pipeline, providing more employment opportunities for formerly incarcerated people.
328	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Now is the time for us to come together and remember that our governor’s office does not belong to any one person or any political party. It belongs to all of us, the people of Michigan. [cheers and applause] We have so many challenges in front of us and now more than ever we need people on both sides of the aisle to work together in Lansing so that we can focus on what really matters. And that is getting things done that will improve people’s lives right now. That is how we clean up drinking water. That is how we ensure every student in our state has a great public education opportunity. It’s how we expand access to affordable health care. It’s how we bring down the cost of car insurance and yes, it’s how we fix the damn roads. [cheers and applause]
142	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	There were only four states that were down, and Iowa was one of them. Not only were we down, but we were negative. We know that the voter ID bill, that Mr. Pate initiated and commissioned, specifically carved our students out of the process. We know that our students by the time early voting started in in the primary, they were trying to figure out you know where they were going to live for the summer; where they were going to work – they weren't worried about voting. They were trying to graduate and get their finals taken care of. We know when one voter is turned away from the process it's an injustice on our democracy. Voting is the most fundamental right that we've got. The most fundamental right that we've got. We can meet in rooms like this; we can banter on Facebook, but at the end of the day what draws the line in us in the sand is our ability to go cast our vote. And so as secretary of state, regardless of people's political identity; regardless of whether or not they have a D or R or L behind their name, we just need people to vote. And I want to be the Secretary of State that does just that – so where students are included; so that our aging folks are included; our folks with disabilities; our seniors – and we can make that happen. And we can make it happen in the secretary of state's office. So I need you all to walk your way down that ballot this go-around. Our representative just told us we don't have straight party anymore, that was a part of Mr. Pates bill – so we've got to do some work to vote, and we can do it. Hard work guarantees nothing but without it we don't stand a chance, and I know that the enthusiasm in this room is going to get people out to vote this year. Thanks again for having me.
4	Adjudicated	Neutral	You know, we heard the horror stories about the lines in England and Canada and even in New Zealand. It doesn't have to be that way. With a market as large as ours, with the capacity as deep as ours, I have every confidence that the American people are innovative and creative enough to come up with reform of the payment system for health care in ways that will preserve our values around what health care should do. And those values include providing the best quality care to everyone without regard to means, and making certain that physicians and providers are in a position to make decisions that they are best able and capable to make, and that we eliminate the human suffering and the insecurity and the job block and all the horrors you've heard about by finally settling on the notion that rationality in the way that we pay for something that is as personal as health care ought to be our first priority.
176	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Good morning. The global devastation of HIV/AIDS staggers the imagination and shocks the conscience. The disease has already killed over 20 million people and it's poised to kill at least 40 million more. In Africa, the disease clouds the future of entire nations and threatens to hold back the hopes of an entire continent. In the hardest-hit countries of sub-Sahara Africa as much as one-third of the adult population is infected with HIV, and 10 percent or more of the school teachers will die of AIDS within five years.
401	Adjudicated	Optimistic	"It is with great pride that I participate in this ceremony of the American University, sponsored by the Methodist Church, founded by Bishop John Fletcher Hurst, and first opened by President Woodrow Wilson in 1914. This is a young and growing university, but it has already fulfilled Bishop Hurst's enlightened hope for the study of history and public affairs in a city devoted to the making of history and to the conduct of the public's business. By sponsoring this institution of higher learning for all who wish to learn, whatever their color or their creed, the Methodists of this area and the Nation deserve the Nation's thanks, and I commend all those who are today graduating. Professor Woodrow Wilson once said that every man sent out from a university should be a man of his nation as well as a man of his time, and I am confident that the men and women who carry the honor of graduating from this institution will continue to give from their lives, from their talents, a high measure of public service and public support. ""There are few earthly things more beautiful than a university,"" wrote John Masefield in his tribute to English universities -- and his words are equally true today. He did not refer to towers or to campuses. He admired the splendid beauty of a university, because it was, he said, ""a place where those who hate ignorance may strive to know, where those who perceive truth may strive to make others see."""
287	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	The average American worker had decent benefits, could afford a home, could afford a car, could afford a yearly vacation, could afford for one member of the couple to stay home if they wished, and could afford to send their kids to college. But over the last 50 years, there has been a massive transfer of wealth, to the tune of 50 trillion dollars, from the bottom 90% of Americans to the top 1%. Decimating America’s middle class.
425	Adjudicated	Optimistic	For nearly half a century ago, when my father and mother were first getting to know each other, two of the helpful matchmakers were Al Gore's parents, Albert and Pauline. Al Gore and I share something more than that happy circumstance. Both of us were raised to believe that we can make the world new again. If only we try. That is what my father sought to do forty years ago, in this city, when he stood before you and declared the opening of the New Frontier. It was not a set of promises, he said, but a set of challenges -- challenges of the mind and heart and spirit the challenge of giving of ourselves, of giving to our country.
294	Adjudicated	Neutral	During one great period of immigration -- between 1891 and 1920 -- our nation received some 18 million men, women and children from other nations. The hard work of these immigrants helped make our economy the largest in the world. The children of immigrants put on the uniform and helped to liberate the lands of their ancestors. One of the primary reasons America became a great power in the 20th century is because we welcomed the talent and the character and the patriotism of immigrant families. The contributions of immigrants to America continue. About 14 percent of our nation's civilian workforce is foreign-born. Most begin their working lives in America by taking hard jobs and clocking long hours in important industries. Many immigrants also start businesses, taking the familiar path from hired labor to ownership.
216	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	And the rest of my family—there was actually four of us, we were all first-generation college grads still paying off student loans—and I still remember being a ten-year-old having to have my dad's business agent’s name memorized because when that showed up on caller ID that meant Dad had a job. And I remember sometimes those months when that name wasn't showing up very often and what that meant for my family. So again, I mean not always easy but at the end of the day I grew up in a state and in a country where if you worked hard, you could make it. That's what we were promised. That's what we were told. And unfortunately right now, I mean gosh, that is just getting tougher and tougher for folks because of the policies being pushed right now by that Freedom Caucus member I'm running to replace—Rod Blum.
166	Adjudicated	Neutral	When someone is a victim, he or she should be at the center of the criminal justice process, not on the outside looking in. Participation in all forms of government is the essence of democracy. Victims should be guaranteed the right to participate in proceedings related to crimes committed against them. People accused of crimes have explicit constitutional rights. Ordinary citizens have a constitutional right to participate in criminal trials by serving on a jury. The press has a constitutional right to attend trials. All of this is as it should be. It is only the victims of crime who have no constitutional right to participate, and that is not the way it should be. Having carefully studied all the alternatives, I am now convinced that the only way to fully safeguard the rights of victims in America is to amend our Constitution and guarantee these basic rights: to be told about public court proceedings and to attend them; to make a statement to the court about bail, about sentencing, about accepting a plea if the victim is present; to be told about parole hearings to attend and to speak; notice when the defendant or convict escapes or is released; restitution from the defendant; reasonable protection from the defendant; and notice of these rights.
429	Adjudicated	Optimistic	And I can assure you, he is moved by this great honor. The 2016 Republican primaries were fierce and started with many candidates, 17 to be exact, and I know that Donald agrees with me when I mention how talented all of them are. They deserve respect and gratitude from all of us. However, when it comes to my husband, I will say that I am definitely biased, and for good reason. I have been with Donald for 18 years and I have been aware of his love for this country since we first met. He never had a hidden agenda when it comes to his patriotism, because, like me, he loves this country so much. I was born in Slovenia, a small, beautiful and then-communist country in Central Europe. My sister Ines, who is an incredible woman and a friend, and I were raised by my wonderful parents. My elegant and hard-working mother Amalia introduced me to fashion and beauty. My father Viktor instilled in me a passion for business and travel. Their integrity, compassion and intelligence reflects to this day on me and for my love of family and America.
269	Adjudicated	Neutral	The long and meticulous study and debate of which this Universal Declaration of Human Rights is the product means that it reflects the composite views of the many men and governments who have contributed to its formulation. Not every man nor every government can have what he wants in a document of this kind. There are of course particular provisions in the Declaration before us with which we are not fully satisfied. I have no doubt this is true of other delegations, and it would still be true if we continued our labors over many years. Taken as a whole the Delegation of the United States believes that this is a good document -- even a great document -- and we propose to give it our full support. The position of the United States on the various parts of the Declaration is a matter of record in the Third Committee. I shall not burden the Assembly, and particularly my colleagues of the Third Committee, with a restatement of that position here.
167	Adjudicated	Neutral	Cause the first time I ever ran for office, at the opening of campaign season in Arkansas, just below the Waccamaw and Ozark mountains, which once were connected to the Appalachians, we had this big rally. And the year that I started, don't you know, Robert Byrd was the speaker. 1974, April, I'll never forget it. It was a beautiful spring night. And he gave one of those stem-winding speeches. And then he got up and he played the fiddle, and the crowd went crazy. And you know, in 1974, in a place like Arkansas or West Virginia, playing the fiddle was a whole lot better for your politics than playing a saxophone. So I am completely intimidated. And then all the candidates get to speak. They're all limited to four or five minutes. Some went over. All the candidates for governor and every state officer. And then the members of the -- people running for the House of Representatives, there were five of us. We were dead last. And I drew the short straw. I was dead last among them.
111	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	At the same time, however, I must state our opposition to the measure offered by the House Budget Committee. It may appear that we have two alternatives. In reality, however, there are no more alternatives left. The committee measure quite simply falls far too short of the essential actions that we must take. For example, in the next 3 years, the committee measure projects spending $141 billion more than does the bipartisan substitute. It regrettably cuts over $14 billion in essential defense spending, funding required to restore America's national security. It adheres to the failed policy of trying to balance the budget on the taxpayer's back. It would increase tax payments by over a third, adding up to a staggering quarter of a trillion dollars. Federal taxes would increase 12 percent each year. Taxpayers would be paying a larger share of their income to government in 1984 than they do at present.
296	Adjudicated	Optimistic	It has been more than 500 days since my husband, Donald Trump, announced that he would run for President of the United States. In remember that day in June 2015 vividly. Surrounded by our family and speaking to an audience of millions, Donald promised to campaign on behalf of those who feel the system is broken and does not work for them. Those who just want a fair shake, an opportunity for a better education, a better paying job, a better future. He pledged to restore integrity to Washington and respect for America abroad. This is not an ordinary campaign. It is a movement. A movement in which people feel included, inspired, an involved. I have seen it firsthand. We are deeply grateful to the millions of Americans who believe in my husband because they know he believes in you. He believes in America, and he will make a fantastic President of these United States.
187	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	Good evening, my fellow Americans. Ten days ago, in my report to the nation on Vietnam, I announced the decision to withdraw an additional 150,000 Americans from Vietnam over the next year. I said then that I was making that decision despite our concern over increased enemy activity in Laos, in Cambodia, and in South Vietnam. And at that time I warned that if I concluded that increased enemy activity in any of these areas endangered the lives of Americans remaining in Vietnam, I would not hesitate to take strong and effective measures to deal with that situation. Despite that warning, North Vietnam has increased its military aggression in all these areas, and particularly in Cambodia. After full consultation with the National Security Council, Ambassador Bunker, General Abrams and my other advisors, I have concluded that the actions of the enemy in the last 10 days clearly endanger the lives of Americans who are in Vietnam now and would constitute an unacceptable risk to those who will be there after withdrawal of another 150,000. To protect our men who are in Vietnam, and to guarantee the continued success of our withdrawal and Vietnamization program, I have concluded that the time has come for action. Tonight, I shall describe the actions of the enemy, the actions I have ordered to deal with that situation, and the reasons for my decision.
367	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	We’re here because of some hardworking women. Women, who more than a 100 years ago worked long hours in a brown, 10 story building, just a block that way. Women who worked at the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory. So here’s what I want you to hear. It was March 25th, 1911, it was a Saturday. And at about 4:45 in the afternoon, people walking through this very park looked up and saw black smoke billowing into the sky. A fire had started in that building and inside that building on the top three floors, deadly flames leaped from a bin to the oily floors and from the floors to the walls sweeping across workrooms and trapping the workers fighting for their lives. Women, girls really, some as young as 14 raced to escape, but the exit doors were locked. Others ran to the windows, waving their arms and screaming for help. No help was coming. The fire department’s ladders could only reach to the sixth floor. The flames leaped higher and women started crawling out onto the ledges. And as people on the ground stood in shocked silence, a woman jumped and then another and then another. They hit the ground with a sickening thud. They died on impact so many so fast that the women’s bodies piled up on the sidewalk. Their blood ran into the gutters. Dozens more were tracked inside, trapped because the door to the staircase was locked, locked by bosses afraid that the workers might steal scraps of cloth. Firefighters would later find a pile of burned bodies next to that locked door. It took 18 minutes for 146 people to die. Mostly women, mostly immigrants, Jewish and Italian, mostly people who made as little as five dollars a week to get their shot at the American dream. It was one of the worst industrial disasters in American history, one of the worst, but it should not have been a surprise.
191	Adjudicated	Neutral	But we know that people’s frustrations run deeper than these most recent political battles.  Their frustration is rooted in their own daily battles -- to make ends meet, to pay for college, buy a home, save for retirement.  It’s rooted in the nagging sense that no matter how hard they work, the deck is stacked against them.  And it’s rooted in the fear that their kids won’t be better off than they were.  They may not follow the constant back-and-forth in Washington or all the policy details, but they experience in a very personal way the relentless, decades-long trend that I want to spend some time talking about today.  And that is a dangerous and growing inequality and lack of upward mobility that has jeopardized middle-class America’s basic bargain -- that if you work hard, you have a chance to get ahead. I believe this is the defining challenge of our time:  Making sure our economy works for every working American.  It’s why I ran for President.  It was at the center of last year’s campaign.  It drives everything I do in this office.  And I know I’ve raised this issue before, and some will ask why I raise the issue again right now.  I do it because the outcomes of the debates we’re having right now -- whether it’s health care, or the budget, or reforming our housing and financial systems -- all these things will have real, practical implications for every American.  And I am convinced that the decisions we make on these issues over the next few years will determine whether or not our children will grow up in an America where opportunity is real.
67	Adjudicated	Neutral	The FBI has played a vital role in doing the most important job that government has, and that is to secure the American people from harm. Since 9/11, the Bureau has worked with our partners around the world to disrupt planned terrorist attacks. Most Americans will never know the full stories of how these attacks were stopped and how many lives were saved. But we know this: The men and women of the FBI are working tirelessly to keep our nation safe -- and they have the thanks of the American people. The FBI's leadership in the war on terror has required a dramatic change of mission. Before 9/11, terrorism was viewed primarily as a criminal matter. The FBI focused more on indicting terrorists after an attack than on stopping the attack in the first place. For example, after the terrorists targeted the World Trade Center in 1993, FBI agents succeeded in tracking down several of the killers. They obtained indictments against them and they put them behind bars. And that was good work. But eight years later al Qaeda returned to finish the job. Immediately after 9/11, the FBI made preventing terrorism its top priority. The FBI you join today is focused on collecting and analyzing intelligence -- so we can figure out what the terrorists are planning before it is too late. Over the past seven years, we have more than doubled the number of intelligence analysts and translators on the force. We've enacted the Patriot Act to ensure FBI analysts and investigators have the information they need to protect our nation. We created the FBI's new National Security Branch -- bringing together divisions responsible for counterterrorism and intelligence and counterespionage.
366	Adjudicated	Neutral	"Just moments ago, I spoke with George W. Bush and congratulated him on becoming the 43rd president of the United States. And I promised him that I wouldn't call him back this time. I offered to meet with him as soon as possible so that we can start to heal the divisions of the campaign and the contest through which we've just passed. Almost a century and a half ago, Senator Stephen Douglas told Abraham Lincoln, who had just defeated him for the presidency, ""Partisan feeling must yield to patriotism. I'm with you, Mr. President, and God bless you."" Well, in that same spirit, I say to President-elect Bush that what remains of partisan rancor must now be put aside, and may God bless his stewardship of this country. Neither he nor I anticipated this long and difficult road. Certainly neither of us wanted it to happen. Yet it came, and now it has ended, resolved, as it must be resolved, through the honored institutions of our democracy."
127	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	When I took office, I committed to fixing this broken immigration system. And I began by doing what I could to secure our borders. Today, we have more agents and technology deployed to secure our southern border than at any time in our history. And over the past six years, illegal border crossings have been cut by more than half. Although this summer, there was a brief spike in unaccompanied children being apprehended at our border, the number of such children is now actually lower than it’s been in nearly two years. Overall, the number of people trying to cross our border illegally is at its lowest level since the 1970s. Those are the facts. Meanwhile, I worked with Congress on a comprehensive fix, and last year, 68 Democrats, Republicans, and independents came together to pass a bipartisan bill in the Senate. It wasn’t perfect. It was a compromise. But it reflected common sense. It would have doubled the number of border patrol agents while giving undocumented immigrants a pathway to citizenship if they paid a fine, started paying their taxes, and went to the back of the line. And independent experts said that it would help grow our economy and shrink our deficits. Had the House of Representatives allowed that kind of bill a simple yes-or-no vote, it would have passed with support from both parties, and today it would be the law. But for a year and a half now, Republican leaders in the House have refused to allow that simple vote.
274	Adjudicated	Optimistic	The Great Society is a place where every child can find knowledge to enrich his mind and to enlarge his talents. It is a place where leisure is a welcome chance to build and reflect, not a feared cause of boredom and restlessness. It is a place where the city of man serves not only the needs of the body and the demands of commerce but the desire for beauty and the hunger for community. It is a place where man can renew contact with nature. It is a place which honors creation for its own sake and for what is adds to the understanding of the race. It is a place where men are more concerned with the quality of their goals than the quantity of their goods.
102	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Well, I'm pleased to be here today with you who are keeping America great by keeping her good. Only through your work and prayers and those of millions of others can we hope to survive this perilous century and keep alive this experiment in liberty, this last, best hope of man. I want you to know that this administration is motivated by a political philosophy that sees the greatness of America in you, her people, and in your families, churches, neighborhoods, communities: the institutions that foster and nourish values like concern for others and respect for the rule of law under God.
220	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Everyone has a story about Joe's caring and empathy. I remember him calling after my mother, Dorothy, died and we talked about being raised by strong women. The best testament to Joe is how he's cared for his family, and how great is it that Dr. Jill Biden plans to keep teaching as first lady? And Joe picked the right partner in Kamala; she's relentless in the pursuit of justice and equity and she's kind. When her press secretary, Tyrone Gayle, was dying of cancer, she dropped everything to be with him in his final moments. I know something about the slings and arrows she'll face and believe me this former district attorney and attorney general can handle them all. So, this is the team to pull our nation back from the brink but they can't do it without us. For four years people have told me, “I didn't realize how dangerous he was, I wish I could do it all over” or worst, “I should have voted.” Look this can't be another “woulda-coulda-shoulda” election. If you vote by mail, request your ballot now and send it back right away. If you vote in person, do it early, become a poll worker. Most of all, no matter what, vote. As Michelle Obama and Bernie Sanders warned us, if trump is re-elected things will get even worse. That's why we need unity now more than ever.
376	Adjudicated	Optimistic	To strengthen the unity of the West, our journey opened in Paris and closed in London. My talks with General de Gaulle were profoundly encouraging to me. Certain differences in our attitudes on one or another problem became insignificant in view of our common commitment to defend freedom. Our alliance, I believe, became more secure; the friendship of our nation, I hope--with theirs--became firmer; and the relations between the two of us who bear responsibility became closer, and I hope were marked by confidence. I found General de Gaulle far more interested in our frankly stating our position, whether or not it was his own, than in appearing to agree with him when we do not. But he knows full well the true meaning of an alliance. He is after all the only major leader of World War II who still occupies a position of great responsibility. His life has been one of unusual dedication; he is a man of extraordinary personal character, symbolizing the new strength and the historic grandeur of France. Throughout our discussions he took the long view of France and the world at large. I found him a wise counselor for the future, and an informative guide to the history that he has helped to make. Thus we had a valuable meeting.
157	Adjudicated	Pessimistic	I would like to talk representing all those veterans and say that several months ago in Detroit we had an investigation at which over 150 honorably discharged, and many very highly decorated, veterans testified to war crimes committed in Southeast Asia. *These were* not isolated incidents but crimes committed on a day-to-day basis with the full awareness of officers at all levels of command. It's impossible to describe to you exactly what did happen in Detroit -- the emotions in the room and the feelings of the men who were reliving their experiences in Vietnam. But they did. They relived the absolute horror of what this country, in a sense, made them do.
228	Adjudicated	Neutral	The other -- The other framing aspect of the conversations in Houston actually built on what I did the Friday before traveling to Houston, which was the annual U.S.-EU Energy Council. We were very pleased to have Commissioner Kadri Simson and Director General Ditte Jorgensen both at the State Department for the annual Energy Council. This year in particular was a celebration of the tremendous progress that we have made in our transatlantic energy relationship, the degree to which Europe has exceeded expectations in de-risking its exposure to Russian energy coercion -- dramatically reducing Europe’s dependence on Russian oil, gas, coal, and looking to the future, nuclear fuel -- but also the very strong alignment between U.S. and European objectives as we seek to navigate the disruption of global markets that Putin’s invasion of Ukraine and the weaponization of Russia’s energy resources has prompted.
27	Adjudicated	Optimistic	Our state came face to face with evil. A white supremacist walked into Mother Emanuel Church during bible study, 12 African Americans pulled up a chair and prayed with him for an hour then he began to shoot. After that horrific tragedy we didn’t turn against each other, we came together; Black and white, Democrat and Republican. Together we made the hard choices needed to heal and removed a divisive symbol peacefully and respectfully. What happened then should give us hope now. America isn't perfect but the principles we hold dear are perfect. There's one thing I've learned it’s that even on our worst day we are blessed to live in America; it’s time to keep that blessing alive for the next generation. This president and this party are committed to that noble task. We seek a nation that rises together, not falls apart in anarchy and anger. We know that the only way to overcome America's challenges is to embrace America's strengths. We are striving to reach a brighter future where every child goes to a world-class school chosen by their parents. Where every family lives in a safe community with good jobs. Where every entrepreneur has the freedom to achieve and inspire. Where every believer can worship without fear and every life is protected. Where every girl and boy, every woman and man of every race and religion has the best shot at the best life.
480	Adjudicated	Neutral	Throughout the long and difficult period of Watergate, I have felt it was my duty to persevere -- to make every possible effort to complete the term of office to which you elected me. In the past few days, however, it has become evident to me that I no longer have a strong enough political base in the Congress to justify continuing that effort. As long as there was such a base, I felt strongly that it was necessary to see the constitutional process through to its conclusion; that to do otherwise would be unfaithful to the spirit of that deliberately difficult process, and a dangerously destabilizing precedent for the future. But with the disappearance of that base, I now believe that the constitutional purpose has been served. And there is no longer a need for the process to be prolonged.
245	Adjudicated	Neutral	It has been a fascinating journey thus far. Each time I walk onto the Senate floor, I'm reminded of the history, for good and for ill, that has been made there. But there have been a few surreal moments. For example, I remember the day before I was sworn in, myself and my staff, we decided to hold a press conference in our office. Now, keep in mind that I am ranked 99th in seniority. I was proud that I wasn’t ranked dead last until I found out that it’s just because Illinois is bigger than Colorado. So I’m 99th in seniority, and all the reporters are crammed into the tiny transition office that I have, which is right next to the janitor’s closet in the basement of the Dirksen Office Building. It’s my first day in the building, I have not taken a single vote, I have not introduced one bill, had not even sat down in my desk, and this very earnest reporter raises his hand and says: “Senator Obama, what is your place in history?”
